"doc_content"
" The Turks are doing what I figured. Here's the ""attack"" on Mount Bursaya. Now we have ""drone footage"" of the attack. But the explosions don't match up. The ""drone footage"" has been doctored using computer-generated imagery (CGI). These are two consecutive frames. That explosion is WAY too big. We went from empty ground to a debris column 30 feet high in only one frame. It's CGI. Nothing in the drone footage makes sense. The Turks fire tank rounds totally aimlessly while three Kurds run back and forth, back and forth, surviving every single direct hit. Two frames from each video, synched up. The Turks drove up to an abandoned position and fired at it. Then they created a CGI battle. That's why it took three days for the ""drone footage"" to appear. It's just embarrassing... ADDENDUM: quotes his father, a veteran of the Second Armored Cavalry Regiment, who looked at the ""drone footage"": ""Is this live fire training? What are they shooting at?"" ""What kind of amateur hour crap maneuvering is that?"" Now, I NEVER SERVED, but I was able to see the EXACT same thing. The ""tank attack"" serves no purpose. Using your tanks that way would NOT allow you to take a fortified position full of men and women with antitank guided missiles and rocket-propelled grenades. In the Battle of Mosul, the Iraqis used ""combined arms micro teams"": One tank, one bulldozer, one helicopter gunship, one infantry squad, one antitank squad, and one sniper squad. The tank and infantry protect each other, the antitank squad protects the tank, the sniper squad protects the tank AND infantry, and the helicopter gunship protects EVERYBODY. We now have all the elements of a division in ONE MICRO TEAM. They can add a self-propelled artillery piece, a machine-gun squad, a mortar squad, a commando squad--whatever they need. The Turks are still strutting. The Iraqis don't strut. They fight and win... "
" An Iran video worth seeing because of the chants. I'll post the translations next. Via : ""Facing Iran, turning our backs against our enemies."" ""Our enemy is right here and they've falsely told us America is our enemy."" ""Wait until we are armed."" This is a total rejection of ""Great Satan, Little Satan."" They're saying the REAL enemy is at home, not abroad. Amazing stuff... ADDENDUM: More chants, via : ""Such a disgrace is this media."" ""I kill traitors to my country..."" ADDENDUM TWO: They're doing all this at Friday Prayers, to drown out the official government sermons... "
" Let's dissect this astonishingly putrid and deranged clip from MSNBC. First, tells us the NEW rules: It's wrong to criticize those who prosecuted members of the KKK. Attention Mr. Attorney General! Leftists take back all their criticism of you. What a relief. Now we get to the ravings of the strangely haunted, shell-shocked , who appears to have been held prisoner by the Islamic State when she made these comments. ""There's a special place in hell for mothers who defend accused child molesters."" No. Accusations do not make a person guilty. Rubin is saying that DEFENDING AGAINST ACCUSATIONS makes you an evil persons. To Jennifer Rubin, I say, Roy Moore is innocent. I have no doubt. HIS RECORD convinced me, after I reviewed his entire life, all the way to childhood. Not only THAT, Ms. Rubin, studying Roy Moore made me a supporter, even though I disagree with most of his social positions. Judge Moore is EXACTLY who we need in Washington. He's a fighter, he's a thinker, and he can't be bought. AND he supports an agenda of improvement. What more could I ask of a senator? Back to Rubin. ""This is the horror of Donald Trump which he has infested and deformed an entire national political party. And I think they're rotten to the core now, the whole lot of them."" GOOD. Jennifer Rubin supported the catastrophic American meddling in the Middle East, which kept the region in a state of turmoil for decades. Rubin could not have done more damage if she were a paid North Korean agent. She should become a Democrat and spend the rest of her life bitching impotently. ""I have no words to describe how really atrocious, how despicable this is."" She's talking about DEFENDING AGAINST ACCUSATIONS. THAT is where the Trump haters are. It's immoral to defend against accusations. Let me recap: I STUDIED ROY MOORE, which Jennifer Rubin did not do. FIRST, I determined that the alleged behavior was completely out of character for Roy Moore. SECOND, I saw that in forty years of making such powerful enemies that he was DRIVEN OUT OF THE COUNTRY, Roy Moore had never before been accused of this behavior. In 2003 to 2005, Roy Moore got LOTS of people elected. If he had been ""exposed"" at that time, his career and his MOVEMENT would've been demolished. Yet...nothing. THIRD, the accusations against Roy Moore did not stand up to scrutiny. The yearbook signature is a forgery, and the first accuser's story is not backed up by the facts of the case, which are available online. Here's my message to Ms. Reid and Ms. Rubin: You overreached. THAT'S why I got involved in this. I didn't know anything about Roy Moore except the Ten Commandments. Because of the piling on and the intimidation and the message ""YOU WILL NOT DEFEND THIS MAN,"" I decided to research Roy Moore. That was the first time in my life that I looked into a case of a politician accused of sexual abuse. The Roy Moore case STANK of an organized political hit job. LEFTISTS proved that to me. And Roy Moore's RECORD proved to me that he's innocent. I've never met Roy Moore or spoken to him. I don't expect to. He has a country to help save. Without saying a word, Roy Moore PROVED himself to be NOT the sort of man who abuses women or pubescent girls. This one case pushed all my buttons, since I have a history of being chosen by the mob for destruction. Those who organized the political hit job on Roy Moore thought that the accusations would stick, since this is an era in which abused women are speaking out. Well, guess what? Women are not entitled to automatic belief. Defending a man you believe to be innocent is NOT despicable. You know what IS despicable? Politicizing sexual assault. James ""Mad Dog"" Mattis gave sage advice to our troops overseas: ""You're a great example to our country right now. It's got some problems. You know it and I know it. It's got problems that we don't have in the military."" ""You just HOLD THE LINE, my fine young soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines. You just hold the line until our country gets back to understanding and respecting each other and showing it."" Roy Moore DOES NOT DESERVE to be lied about, even if you disagree with his social positions, as I do. He's an amazing man who will make a great senator. And I would NOT have known this if leftists had not launched their political hit job on him. Thank LEFTISTS, Jennifer Rubin. You look haunted and terrified because you sold your soul. I have no sympathy... "
" The Obama portraits are horrible. Total mediocrities. The art of portraiture requires SKILL. Let's look at some of the greatest portraits of all time. It's the only way to show you how ghastly the Obama portraits are. My favorite portrait artist is John Singer Sargent. ""Lady Agnew of Lochnaw 1893."" Otto Dix. ""Self-portrait."" Sir Joshua Reynolds. ""Samuel Johnson."" Sir Lawrence Alma-Tadema. ""George Henschel, 1879."" Akseli Gallen-Kallela. ""Edvard Munch."" Egon Schiele. ""Portrait of a Woman Painting."" Gustav Klimt. ""Judith I"". You can see that the Obama portraits are without value. A portrait is supposed to capture the SUBJECT. Today's painters put THEMSELVES into the portraits. Also, today's painters don't develop distinctive styles. The Obama portraits are gone from your mind the second you turn away from them. I don't know who painted this. It's a German magazine cover from 1914. Despite the visible brush strokes and texture of the canvas, the personality of the woman comes through. BOY DOES IT EVER. The Obamas were handpicked and sent to finishing school, but they have no taste. They never will. Taste CAN be taught, but it requires something the Obamas lack: Humility. For the rest of their lives, the Obamas will be...horrifying. In that sense, the portraits are apt. Gaudy, cheap, incompetent, and false. Perfect... ADDENDUM: I'm not a painter, but I may as well post the only portrait I ever did. This guy tried to murder me at my bookstore on December 28, 1995. His gun jammed. The painting is acrylic. He was yelling ""Don't f*ck with me, man!"" This is what gangsters said back in the day. Now they say, ""What's up?"" before they murder you. He was smiling, so I worked hard on his eyes. He was hunched and twisted, and he appeared to be surrounded by heat waves. I painted what I saw. Maybe he was some kind of demon. At any rate, he failed. So I'm still here..."
" Who knows Trump best? This guy. Al Sharpton. I don't mean that Sharpton knows Trump the best PERSONALLY. But Sharpton knows what Trump is all about. When Trump became the nominee, I laughed at people who said that he would help only the mega-rich, his ""friends."" Those people knew nothing about Trump. The mega-wealthy DESPISE Trump. They find him gauche and clownish. And Al Sharpton understood that. In response to the notion that Trump would help only the rich, Sharpton said, ""You're dreaming! Trump is a guy from Queens."" I knew that too. Trump is a guy from 1963 Queens. Yet he's up to date and hip. The idea that Trump would help only the people who despise him was utterly laughable. I knew what Trump would do. He'd help the people who'd been SCREWED by government, the government that the mega-wealthy buy and sell. The majority of the mega-wealthy ARE NOT string pullers in Washington. All it takes is a few. But Sharpton and I knew that THIS is what Trump thinks: ""The rich are fine. It's time to help the people in the middle. They've been getting ti in the neck for decades."" There's no Great Society for the middle class. I knew that Trump would arrange it so that WE OURSELVES can captain our own ships. He would ""dismantle the administrative state,"" as Steven Bannon said. When you're a billionaire, you have to be careful. How do you know who's real and who just wants to use you? Trump is unique in that he's a billionaire with a common touch. A guy from Queens. And he's never said that. ""I've never forgotten my roots! I'm just a regular Joe like you!"" He would never condescend to people that way. Trump presents himself as who he is, and he accepts people as who they are. Yes, Trump uses shtick as strategic deception. But the real man shines through time and time again. He is indeed a guy from Queens. And that's why he's not impressed by The Process. He cares only about results. Period."
" This video proves that the Iranians WILL remove the mullahs. Basij Mustafa Dehbashizadeh becomes the first to publicly burn his membership card and join the protesters. I wondered how they'd do it. Iran has the armed forces, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, and the Basij. I thought the armed forces might take on the other two, but it's clear now that the IRGC and the Basij are gradually drifting away form the mullahs. Of course there would be fanatics who would fight, but it appears that these men are a tiny minority. You know what failed in Iraq in 2003? Bringing in Iraqis who'd spent years in Paris and New York. What's happening in Iran is Iranians choosing times, places, events. If they have help, that help is technical, and it's not taking lives. They won't leave Mustafa Dehbashizadeh out there alone. He will be protected and joined. The power of the state will erode until the mullahs must leave. My hat's off to the planners. Total genius..."
" Why are these protests different? ""One of the most interesting chants in Tehran’s protests today was 'Reformists, Hardliner, game is over now,' reflecting the desire by Iranians for regime change."" This means the people no longer differentiate between ""reformists"" and hardliners. The Iranian people want them ALL gone..."
" One of Roy Moore's accusers has now admitted to fabricating ""evidence."" Look at this episode from the all-but-unknown TV series ""Sirota's Court."" You know how I found that? I searched ""Gadsden Alabama district attorney 1977"". That's from the Anniston Star, which published news about Gadsden, where Roy Moore worked. Sirota's Court. Let's say you're looking for dirt on Roy Moore. So you go to and you search ""Gadsden Alabama district attorney 1977"". You get this episode from a TV series nobody knows. ""A police woman on the vice squad arrests a judge who she believes is trying to pick her up."" I could not find any REAL dirt on Judge Roy Moore. If I can't something, it likely doesn't exist. So, you're a person with no scruples, and you're desperate to find dirt on Roy Moore. Then you see this: ""A police woman on the vice squad arrests a judge who she believes is trying to pick her up."" What is the narrative about JUDGE Roy Moore? He tried to PICK UP girls and young women in the mall, in his office, next to men's rooms(?), in restaurants, in schools, and basketball games. The accusation of basketball games comes from the person below. The woman is clearly demented. She thinks she looks fine. Now, here's the scrapbook with the ""card"" from Roy Moore. That's not a card. It was cut from a page out of the scrapbook. Look at the tape at the top. The adhesive dried out, and the tape lifted from the page. The ""card"" was the SLIPPED UNDER the tape. There's no STAIN on the top of the ""card."" See the stains on the paper from the tape? I collect old postcards. The worst thing for them is ""Scotch"" tape, as we all call it. It stains the paper and dries out. This is not a card, and it's not stained. And this is where they got the idea for how to smear Judge Moore... ADDENDUM: A clear shot of Roy Moore discussing the attacks on him. No rage. No bitterness. He's just very SAD. He thought better of his fellow man, and they let him down. I challenge you to find a matching expression on the face of ANY POLITICIAN accused of similar wrongdoing... ADDENDUM TWO: Roy Moore's handwriting and signature compared to the forgeries. These are without question forgeries. Someone tried to IMITATE the judge's handwriting and signature, but they failed. In order to forge handwriting, you need to understand how each letter is constructed. Amateurs forge handwriting by trying to copy the overall appearance. In this case they failed because they didn't bother to learn how the judge writes each individual letter..."
" Want to make Twitter a safer place? Go to Twitter Advanced Search and search the tweets of everyone here. Under ""people,"" just put in the name. At the top, put in the word you're looking for. Let's try Alyssa Milano. I'll look for a certain word. By Jove, I found it! I could REPORT Ms. Milano for violating Twitter Rules against ""hateful conduct."" Why WON'T I report her? BECAUSE SHE WAS QUOTING SOMEONE. She obviously wasn't using the word herself. I leave the chickenshit harassment to leftists. BUT. I would NEVER tell other people how to behave. So if YOU want to make Twitter a safer place, by all means use the Advanced Search function to make sure that all speech is double-plus good. Have at it, kids. Do it for Twitter... ADDENDUM: People tell me the Twitter Advanced Search link isn't working for them. Just go to Google and type in ""Twitter Advanced Search""."
" A film student wrote an epic Facebook post about her experience with Tarantino. She met him at a party, and he invited her home. What followed was mortifying humiliation--on HIS part. He tried to get things going, but he couldn't. Nothing happened. Then he said he just wanted to cuddle. She couldn't. He smelled very bad. He called her a cab, begging her to not tell anyone. This is the part that nobody talked about: She took down the post immediately, and then WENT INTO HIDING. Why would she do that? The press wasn't after her. Someone else was. That's why I haven't used her name. She had to GO INTO HIDING FROM HOLLYWOOD. That's truly astonishing."
" Well, that's that. broke the case. See the orange ticket? It says ""CHILD"" on it. Debbie Gibson is 54 today. That means she was 18 in 1981. Great job, Debbie. Women all over the country are thanking you for making REAL sexual abuse even harder to report. Stellar..."
" I figured out what Assange did. He deleted his account and is now claiming that Twitter terminated him. Check it out: @JulianAssange Then he put up . You get the ""That account does not exist"" message when YOU TERMINATE YOUR OWN ACCOUNT. On the suspended account, he claimed that Twitter had terminated his account because he was about to drop information that would destroy the ""deep state."" He's trying to gin up attention for his new document releases. That's what this is all about. Since he accused Twitter of terminating his account WHEN HE HIMSELF TERMINATED IT, they suspended his fake ""alt"" account. This all reeks of the night he promised to destroy Hillary. My guess is the ""deep state"" is perfectly safe..."
" I'm getting pretty sick of the emerging narrative that cops are powerless in the face of semiautomatic rifles. So let's talk about Syracuse Police Department Officer Kelsey Francemone. There was a Father's Day celebration that involved 300 to 400 people. Francemone was called to the scene because someone reported a man down. The officer was alone. At the scene, gunshots rang out. All 300 to 400 people ran away. Officer Francemone--alone--ran in the opposite direction, TOWARD the gunshots. Francemone came across THREE men firing rifles out side a black SUV. They refused to drop their guns, so Francemone fired. The men ran, and Francemone chased them. Francemone's pistol jammed. The officer saw a fourth man firing. He refused to drop his weapon and turned. By this time Francemone had cleared the jam and fired once, killing 41-year-old Gary Porter. After four men had opened fire on the crowd, and a lone cop stopped the shooting, the crowd showed its thanks by attacking officer Francemone, who was beaten until back arrived. Officer Kelsey Francemone. Here's what happened to her: ""She was kicked in the crotch from behind. 'I was pulled off and dogpiled,' she said. 'I was completely outnumbered by people.'"" ""The group -- which Francemone estimated started at 25 or 30 people and grew to 100 people -- surrounded her, grabbed her and threatened her."" ""She was then pulled backward into a bush as people continually kept trying to grab at her weapon, badge, flashlight, pepper spray and other items, Francemone testified."" ""Francemone said she made several attempts to radio for more help and to defend herself. But someone stole her flashlight and her uniform was nearly ripped off."" ""'It was pretty much impossible to do my job at that point,' she said. 'I got off the ground and was hit with a bottle. I said, ""I need to get out of here.""'"" One cop against 100 people, and at least SEVEN of them were armed. Broward County needs to fire MANY deputies..."
" A story about women. This woman just accused me of not caring that children are killed in school shootings. So I asked, ""Are you the nightmarish, toothless cow on the left?"" She said, ""That's the most unreasonable response I've ever gotten. But I won't block you. I'll despise you, but I won't block you."" I said, ""Leftists are always shocked when I out-asshole them. You never see it coming. Go get your udders drained."" And I blocked her. See, when people accuse me of not caring when children are murdered, I'm going to go thermonuclear on their asses. Or their udders. Leftist women are used to being jaw-dropping bitches. They marry little parasitic males, the way angler fish do. That thing hanging from the female's belly is the male. The male angler fish FUSES to the body the giant female. Her skin grows over him, and he gets his nutrients from her bloodstream. Each to their own, but I don't put up with bitchiness. Nobody can be a bitch like a leftist Californian. That's why Barabara Boxer was beloved. Leftists Californians pride themselves on being unpleasant. But guess what? Nobody can be more unpleasant than me. And I'm immune to whatever insult anyone tosses at me. The cow lady needed a good, bracing slap in the face to show her that there are still MEN out there who don't knuckle under to bitches. Words have meaning. If you accuse me of being indifferent to the murder of children, I'm going to fight back. And I fight dirty. The cow lady is trying to put me on the defensive by making the accusation du jour. My role was to say, ""No-no-no! I care about children!"" And then she'd say, ""Then why do you support letting kids buy strategic bombers?"" So by calling her a nightmarish, toothless cow, I derailed her little choo-choo train. Her little parasitic man took one on the chops tonight, I'm sure. Don't make outrageously dishonest accusations, and won't ""go there."" It's funny: All my mother's best friends were men, and all my best friends are women. ""Women can be VERY nasty,"" my mother always said. I never showed Mom how nasty I could be. So hopefully she's still proud of me..."
" is a racist, as are all other leftists, apparently. As all sane people knew, didn't make the ""shithole"" comments. Ryan is an easily led fool. AND the minute Ryan hears the word ""shithole,"" she thinks ""black people."" What does Haiti's problems have to do with race? According April Ryan and most leftists, EVERYTHING. Well, I've been to lily white areas that were as bad as Haiti. If I called them them shitholes, would April Ryan accuse me of racism? Of course not! Ryan doesn't hold black people to the same standards to which she holds whites. That's the textbook definition of racism..."
" spoke of people immediately using the ""mental health card"" against her husband . This is a very old, very vicious tactic. Dissent--free thinking--was considered a psychopathology. Today we're seeing celebrities using abusive Soviet tactics against . It takes great strength to withstand this. I hope that the Kardashian and West families understand that this is a completely FRAUDULENT tactic. In other words, the accusations are made in BAD FAITH, for political reasons. I would point out that seeing independent thought as mental illness is ITSELF pathological. The one person who we KNOW is not pathological is . He hasn't been tricked. He isn't hallucinating. He's not raving incoherently. His point is 100 percent HEALTHY: People must be allowed independent thought. If you refuse to allow someone to be his or her own person, then you are NEGATING them. What you're saying is that you will accept a person ONLY if they obey you. is saying that obedience is not necessary. He loves even those with whom he disagrees. What's wrong with that? How is that pathological? is supportive of IMPROVEMENT. Personal and communal improvement. It takes courage to support improvement, because NOWADAYS, that's considered negative. ""Make American great again"" was considered negative. America is already great! This is another way of saying, ""Shut up and sit down."" Have you noticed that all the celebrities condemning are people worth hundreds of millions of dollars? Samuel L. Jackson. Jackson won't even FEEL any level of taxation. This gives him the freedom to support the outrageous oppression of the rest of us. Rosie O'Donnell is another one. Can't even COUNT the mansions she owns. She's too rich to understand the everyday issues that most Americans face. John Legend. A $21 million house in Beverly Hills. And that guy has the f*cking GALL to call me a white supremacist, when he's living in a CASTLE? Who's pathological here? Who's full of hate? Dear angry celebrities: Isn't your money and fame and power enough? Can't the REST OF US have some crumbs, as Nancy Pelosi called them? Or do we have to be YOUR SLAVES forever? John Legend didn't have to haul up stakes and MOVE at the age of 55, with multiple incurable illnesses, to get away from the consequences of HIS voting record. John Legend gets to live in a castle, while I have to flee the state. But I'M the problem? Trump is no more a white supremacist than John Legend is. But and want ME TO HAVE A BETTER LIFE. And THAT is as far from pathological as you can get..."
" THERE WE GO. Arab special operator attached to the Syrian Democratic Forces. He infiltrates across the front lines and poses as an Islamic State terrorist. So he's not Syrian. He hides his identity from the men to whom he's attached. I've been talking about this kind of soldier since 2015. This is the first news report that admits their existence. The Arabs have special forces who can infiltrate ANYWHERE and pass as terrorists. Why is this being admitted NOW? Why would Trump do that? Because the mullahs won't be in power much longer. This man is a message to the MIDDLE EAST, not to us. Look at THIS: The Gulf Cooperation Council has commandos who can pass for Iranians. There's no doubt. This appeared in the NEW YORK TIMES. And listen to what ITV's John Irvine said about Raqqa: ""This was the city that declared war on the world. An affront to mankind, it could not be allowed to stand."" ""By becoming the most sinister, scary place on earth, Raqqa invited it's own destruction. And soon it will be put out of its misery."" Have you EVER--in your entire life--heard a British reporter say something like that? I haven't. I think everything's coming to a head. While people waste their time on conspiracy theories, wars are being won. Don't kid yourself: This is ALL due to Donald Trump. It's true that the Arabs created a new type of soldier. But in order for him to utterly defeat EVERYONE needing defeat, he needed cooperation from the US. President Trump has given our armed forces total freedom in how to execute military operations. THAT'S NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE. What Trump did was REMOVE HIMSELF from the day-to-day decision-making process. Therefore professional warriors--ours and those of our allies--are smashing all enemies flat. When Trump was elected, I heard idiots say, ""He'll learn that running the country isn't the same as running a business."" Those people were correct. For Trump, running the country is EASIER than running his businesses. So once again, give thanks that we made the right decision on November 8, 2016. "
" Don't worry. Let me tell you what happened: In December, the Iranians had ""reconnaissance by protest."" Small protests, but ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. The people TESTED the government's ability to react. Also, the people recruited members of the security forces. The next step was that they rehearsed moving large groups all around the country. Farmers from one city went and protested in another city, for example. Then they rehearsed moving large groups of people into ONE city. Finally they rehearsed disguising people and getting them past security forces. Remember: Israel received 1000 pounds o paper and CDs. It came from the most secret, heavily guarded building in Iran. The only way Israel could have gotten that material is with help from the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. NOW, the mullahs' military power in foreign countries is being reduced. At the right time, the Iranian armed forces and security forces will topple the mullahs. Trump said THIS. We had to show the Iranians that we would help them, so on February 7, 2018, we destroyed a Russian assault battalion in Syria. We didn't STOP them; we WIPED THEM OUT. This was a message to Putin: Don't interfere. AND it was a message to the Iranians: We will help you. We're not afraid. Iranians will be freed with no war. They may ask us to destroy certain facilities, but we won't carpet bomb or invade. Trump is in contact with high-level Iranians, the way he's in contact with high-level North Koreans. It's a new world. The old ways of doing things are gone..."
" This is Ahed Tamimi, a professional agitator. The Tamimi clan is famous for agitation and degeneracy. They killed one of their sons and blamed it on the IDF. These are utterly corrupt, deeply immoral people who use all Palestinians as props. The goal is to get Ahed killed. She's been doing this for ten years. Erdogen invited Ahed to Turkey. In repose, her face is always blank. She's a psycho. Nabi Saleh is full of psychos. Ahed again. The IDF has learned that she's very vain, so she hates having her face touched. Now they always push her away by shoving her FACE. Ahed's sister immediately ran to fat, so they made her cover her hair. But Ahed's hair is her trademark, so they let her keep it uncovered. Another shove to the face. Ha. "
" Here's how leftists try to deflect responsibility. I wrote that I knew about Harvey Weinstein in 1993. ""Why did you let it happen?"" BECAUSE I HAD NO NAMES. BECAUSE I HAD NO POWER. BECAUSE WEINSTEIN WAS PAYING OFF VICTIMS. BECAUSE OUTSIDERS CAN DO MORE DAMAGE BY EXPOSING THE PROBLEM. A rape victim must decide for him or herself whether or not to come forward. Weinstein's lawyer Lisa Bloom was ready to discredit and attack any woman who accused the pig-man of illegal actions. Rape is a kind of murder. It leaves you permanently damaged. You can recover SOMEWHAT, but never completely. ""Why did you let it happen?"" is leftists trying to shift the blame onto ME. I'M not the rapist. Going public has MASSIVE consequences for the victims. FIRST, leftists fed men, women, and children to the pig-men. AND NOW, leftists are trying to blame OTHERS for what a fellow leftists did. Leftists and Hollywood (but I repeat myself) OWN Harvey Weinstein. Not me. LEFTISTS. Russell Crowe and Matt Damon killed a story about Weinstein that was going to appear in the New York Times. Should we blame writer Sharon Waxman? Or should we blame Weinstein and his enablers? If Weinstein was able to strong-arm the New York Times, how the hell was an unknown writer like me supposed to ""break the story""? So we see that leftists are STILL ABUSING THE VICTIMS. This woman doesn't care about who was raped. Tons of bot accounts are coming after me. BRING IT ON, BITCHES. This time, you're SUNK. Guaranteed."
" I used to believe this. It was actually a romantic delusion. When you have an audience, you have to decide what you're going to say. I've decided that I'll always tell the truth. BUT. I'll also never brutalize people with unpleasant truths. FORCING unpleasant truths on people is a form of abuse. Everyone has to decide for themselves what they want to know. I'm unusual in that I encourage people to NOT know. I know everything. It's a burden. I always block self-righteous crusaders who tell me that unless I rub your face in ugliness, I'm ""part of the problem."" Bullshit. The PROBLEM is the problem. I concentrate on truths that help, not the ones that hurt. How is it helpful for you to know about some form of barbarism that you can't stop? It ISN'T helpful. My view is that you should be ENCOURAGED to create lives that EXCLUDE burdensome ugliness that you can't change. Concentrate on your partner, children, pets, gardens, hobbies, etc. This...monstrosity wants you to be as unhappy as she is. I want people to be MUCH HAPPIER than I am. Others' happiness makes ME happy. Nobody is under the obligation to have knowledge. If you search things out, then that means you wan to know. The reason I rarely look at my timeline is that people are trying to inflict unhappiness on the world. The nutter who shot up YouTube headquarters IMMERSED herself in torture, which is why YouTube terminated her account. She wanted EVERYONE to suffer. The writer Ernst Jünger was a German assault specialist in World War One. He's on the left, with his hand grenades. Jünger is deeply misunderstood. He'd ""seen the elephant,"" so he found much of life too trivial to contemplate. Jünger had a very dark sense of humor. Friedrich Nietzsche said, ""What does not kill me makes me stronger."" Jünger thought that was ridiculous. He wrote, ""What does not kill me makes me stronger, and what kills me makes me strongest of all."" When I read that to my brother Tim, we laughed until we were crying. But Jünger wanted people to know things. I don't. AND. Thanks to the Israeli-Saudi alliance, the whole ""War is hell"" thing will disappear. In the future, wars will consist of idiots getting their pants blown off until they stop. Everyone will say, ""War is really stupid."" Imagine: We're going to live in world in which the WORST THING we can say about war is that it's stupid. It's the greatest testament to altruism EVER. And it's real. It's GOING to happen. Pretty soon, too..."
" The Saudis welcomed Trump is someone who had ALREADY DONE SOMETHING. Remember the sword dance? They sang, ""That which we thought would never happen has happened."" Trump did SOMETHING that allowed the Saudis to race forward with their reforms. I read an op-ed by a Saudi who wrote that Trump had created binary relationships with all Muslim nations, big and small. It could be that Trump--by BACKING OUT of the old and DIVING IN to the new--gave every Muslim nation the courage to tackle this issue. Frankly speaking, Muslim nations have been in trouble for a long time, due to both external and internal factors. King Abdullah II said the world needs the US to lead, but the international community must do the heavy lifting. That makes the US an ORGANIZER, not a BOSS. Somehow Trump helped the Stealth Reformation. Trump was the first American president who was brought into the geopolitics of the Islamic world. It's really quite amazing. Every day, we need to congratulate ourselves for electing him..."
" This is North Korea's most famous fire-breathing anti-American news reader. Where's the anti-Americanism? Note Kim's sinister sister--Kim Yo Jong--in the gray outfit. She backs out of the picture, and her hand is not shaken. Only DIPLOMATS are greeted. This is the USUAL analysis of her role. People didn't catch that at the meeting, she was only a secretary. I'm 99.99 percent sure that the Kims have been freed, and this will all go in the right direction..."
" A lesson on the goals of terrorism. The Rohingya region of Burma is Muslim. There are Muslim terrorists who attack the majority Buddhist population. The terrorists were successful in provoking a savage response from the government and from Buddhist civilians. Here's what happened in August of 2017. The terrorists attacked 30 police posts and an army base simultaneously. How many Buddhist security forces were killed? Twelve. In response, the government ethnically cleansed the Rohingya region, chased 700,000 Muslims out of the country and into Bangladesh, where they live in squalid refugees camps. Burmese troops used murder, mass rape, and arson to ethnically cleanse the region. NOW, Muslims worldwide are demanding military action. This is exactly what the terrorists wanted. One function of terrorism is to provoke a totally brutal crackdown by the government. The Burmese are arresting reporters who write about Rohingya. They're being charged with violating the Official Secrets Act. Turkey did exactly the same thing when reporters revealed that the National Intelligence Organization (MIT) was funding, training, and arming terrorists including al-Qaeda and the the Islamic State. I hope everyone can now better understand the sheer brilliance with which the Saudis are transforming the region. What's happening in Burma is what ALWAYS happened: people of different groups butcher each other. In the Middle East, the Saudis are bringing together Sunni, Shia, Christian, Arab, Kurd, Turkmen--EVERYONE. The key is to remove the leaders who benefit personally from terrorism, war, and suffering. Think of all the billionaire terrorist leaders of Hamas, of Fatah, of Syria, of Lebanon, and of Iran who never had any personal skin in the game. Clearly that's changed. See this? He didn't shoot himself in the face. In life, he always had dark circles around his eyes, so we can see that there's no facial trauma. He accidentally shot himself in the back of the head, with somebody else's gun and somebody else's hand. I'm hoping that you can come to appreciate the truly astonishing skill of the Gulf Cooperation Council. Let's look at Yemen. Northern Yemenis traditionally rule over the Southerners. The GCC armed and trained the militia of the Southern Transitional Council (STC). The Yemeni government--THAT THE SAUDIS ARE HELPING--did the old-school thing of embezzling and trying to sic their newly armed troops on the Southerners. So the Southerners took over the city of Aden and surrounded the government compounds. The Yemeni government suddenly saw the light and fired everybody. So the Southerners said, ""Works for us."" And the whole time, the Saudis were saying, ""Play nice, now, everybody. What's that? You want US to intervene? We can't do THAT. This is a Yemeni issue. Work it out."" The GCC anticipated the Yemeni government doing what EVERYBODY in the region had always done. But THIS time, there was a solution: the armed and VERY well trained militia of the STC, which said, ""Let's not screw this up, okay?"" And the government frantically agreed. I learned today that Donald Trump was already doing business with the Saudi royal family in 1980. I also finally figured out what Trump did to merit that huge Saudi welcome. He became president. He waited until the Saudis said, ""Okay: We're ready."" Trump and the Saudis together planned the reform of the Middle East. That freed up Trump to do other things. Trump and the Saudis have anticipated EVERYTHING. They gamed it all out for almost 40 years. That's why together, we'll defeat jihadist terrorism. Trump is called every name in the book, while the Burmese get away with genocide. Disgusting. Pathetic. Grotesque. So I hope you can come to accept The Plan. It's real, and it will succeed. The Planners are serious about improvement. Nobody can stop them..."
" They're bracing for the most catastrophic lawsuits of their entire lives. The way the law works, a defense is based on ""theories"" more than evidence. The prosecution provides evidence, and the defense usually tries to cast that evidence in a different light. The FIRST timeline had a hotel employee STOPPING the shooting. What the cops and FBI did was interview him over and over. THAT resulted in the revised timeline. If the hotel employee STOPPED the shooting, the hotel is less liable. NOW, the argument can be made--legally--that the hotel employee CAUSED the shooting and didn't do enough to stop it. The man was shot, afraid, confused, and so on. But NOW the cops are saying THEY located the mass murderer. The hotel is going to stick with the original timeline. They're trying to mitigate the tsunami of lawsuits that's coming."
" It took FOREVER to find the evidence of what I've been saying, that Kim Jong-un has no PERSONAL power in comparison to the ruling elite. Okay. First, this is the conventional wisdom. The ""experts"" tell you that the Supreme Guard Command is tasked with protecting the Kim family. Well, look what happened in 2015. ""North Korea 'reportedly' sacked the chief of its Supreme Guard Command, the elite personal bodyguard force tasked with protecting the North's leader Kim Jong-un, in the wake of last month's killings by a North Korean army deserter."" ""China lodged a diplomatic protest after a North Korean army deserter killed four Chinese citizens in a robbery attempt in the Chinese border city of Helong on Dec. 28 last year. The North Korean soldier was shot dead during a manhunt, Chinese officials said."" Why the hell would Kim fire the leader of his OWN BODYGUARD unit, due to the actions of a deserter from a DIFFERENT unit? ""By holding the military leadership accountable for the shooting and robbery incident, DPRK leader Kim Jong-un has sought to not only appease the public rage in China but also strengthen China-DPRK relations."" So the WRITER says that Kim took the actions to appease the Chinese. But all the ""experts"" tell us that the Supreme Bodyguard Command is 150,000 specially chosen fanatics who serve only Kim personally. So how much power does Kim have if the Chinese can force him to fire the commander of his own bodyguard unit? There's also the claim that Kim carried out the most sweeping purge in the history of North Korea. ""Between 2012 and 2016 Kim carried out the biggest purge seen in North Korea since the days of his grandfather."" ""South Korea’s Institute for National Security Strategy has reported the execution of 140 senior military officers and government officials. Another 200 have been removed or imprisoned."" ""Today no-one is in doubt who pulls the levers of power in Pyongyang. Kim Jong-un is the Supreme Leader."" So if the CURRENT Kim is even worse than his grandfather and father, why is he doing the things he's doing? THIS is the leverage North Korea always had. ""Officials and military experts have long said millions could die in a war between the United States and North Korea. Up to 100,000 people could die in the first days of the conflict if North Korea attacked Seoul, according to a 2005 war game published by The Atlantic."" I'm going back over everything Trump said about Kim Jong-un, and it's amazing. Look at this. ""The people of this country should be very comfortable, and I will tell you this: If North Korea does anything in terms of even thinking about (attacking) anybody that we love or we represent or our allies or us, they can be very, very nervous. I'll tell you what."" ""He got away with it for a long time, between him and his family. He's not getting away with it. This is a whole new ballgame."" ""You'll see. You'll see. And he'll see. He will see."" ""It's not a dare. It's a statement. It has nothing to do with dare. That's a statement."" ""And nobody, including North Korea, is going to be threatening us with anything."" Trump was speaking of Kim as though he HATES him. Why would he want to make a deal with a person he hates? And then I finally found the last piece of evidence that the Kim family--despite everything you've been told--is simply NOT the ruling power in North Korea. It's from ""The View From Tokyo,"" by Edward Neilen, the Honolulu Star, November 20, 1999, page B3, columns 3 and 4. As a guy with a BA in history, I'm really pissed off that so much of what I was told is wrong. Why the hell should I have to research everything myself? At any rate, you can see from the thread above that the Chinese and the Korean Peoples' Army are the ones running the show. The Supreme Guard Command is a mirage. Oh Chong-song is the 24-year-old soldier who defected. He was a driver for the General Staff, but he was full of worms, and his liver is wrecked. The Chinese did most of the fighting for the North Koreans during the Korean War. Wouldn't it be a pisser if we found out that CHINA was responsible for the horror of the past 70 years...? ADDENDUM: Just perfect. Kim and a member of the Supreme Guard Command. The rifle is a prop. It isn't real. The soldier has only pistol magazines. AND. The rifle BARREL is bent. The weapon can't be fired... ADDENDUM TWO: You can really see it from this angle. The rifle barrel is bent. Incredible... ADDENDUM THREE: An angry little fella tells me that the rifle doesn't have a bent barrel. He says this is proper alignment. Somebody better tell Mikhail Kalashnikov--the guy who invented the rifle--that his weapon is misaligned... "
" DON'T BE FOOLED. This guy is ACTING. ""His public defenders on Wednesday renewed their request to allow him to plead not guilty by reason of insanity, in part because of his frequent courtroom outbursts."" He shaved his eyebrows in half. THIS IS PLAYACTING. ""Bracamontes could face the death penalty if convicted."" He's pretending to be nuts. What unites violent criminals is poor impulse control. They get that from crappy or nonexistent parenting. BUT. ALL murderers CHOOSE to murder. So the origins of their pathology are irrelevant. The guy is FAKING. So don't let his pretend-craziness upset you..."
" An ""analyst"" decried my rambling threads. Therefore here's a new one. ""Military experts attributed the rapid military gains made by the UAE-backed Yemeni forces west of Taiz and along the country’s western coastline in Hodeida to better battlefield tactics."" No. You don't change your tactics and achieve major victories IN A WEEK. General Tariq Abdullah Saleh (center left) is the nephew of the late dictator. Saleh was an ally of the Houthis from March 21, 2015, to December 2, 2017. UAE commandos rescued him in the middle of a giant Houthi ambush. Saleh went to Aden, in the south. Thousands of men joined him. They were given some of the most advanced weapons in the world, and then they went to war. What does that tell you? Correct. Saleh and his men were double agents. THE WHOLE TIME. THIS analysis is spot on. ""A close aide to Ali Abdullah Saleh told Gulf News the defectors included thousands of soldiers from the elite Republican Guards and Special Forces, who had shored up the Al Houthi movement for three years and facilitated their rapid expansion in 2014 and 2015."" ""'Those forces did not spend much time at Aden’s military camp as they are elite forces and were in need of arms only,' the aide said on conditions of anonymity because he was not authorised to brief reporters."" ""Yemen Today television, the mouthpiece of Saleh’s General People’s Congress, reported Tareq’s forces reorganised in three brigades and the Saudi-led coalition equipped them with state-of-the-art arms, military combat vehicles and air defence systems."" Here's the trap explained. ""Tareq’s forces fought alongside Al Houthis for three years. Hence, analysts believe, they pose a serious threat to the militiamen as they are highly trained fighters who know the battlefields very well, and can identify Al Houthis’ locations and arms depots."" Would Mohammed bin Salman give STATE-OF-THE-ART weaponry to a guy he was fighting just three months ago? Come on. The Houthis have started multiple wars since 1994, the year they were founded. Virtually all of the damage you see was caused by Houthis and dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh. The Saudis fought the Houthis in 2009. ""Aiwa!"" means ""Get some!"" Sorry for the delay. It took me forever to find this video of Saudis under attack by Houthis in 2009. These guys expended THOUSANDS of rounds. The Saudis therefore knew that another war with the Houthis was inevitable. They prepared for it by arranging for members of the Yemeni army to fight on the side of the Houthis. At the right time, those Yemenis switched sides. General Tariq Abdullah Saleh was given the store. Again, would the Saudis do that for a guy they were fighting three months ago? And would his men know how to USE state-of-the-art weapons, unless they had been trained? It's not possible to anticipate what the Saudis will do. So everybody needs to simply stop fighting. Whatever your plan is, the Saudis will be 5000 steps ahead of you. The Saudis know what YOU are going to do, even before YOU know. My proof? You don't change your tactics and achieve massive victories in a week. The Saudis and General Saleh planned this YEARS ago. The Saudis secretly trained the Yemenis, and then when they switched sides, they were given all the modern weaponry they needed. Nobody has ever done this before. Only IN RETROSPECT can you see what happened. Crafting this plan and ensuring that it NEVER LEAKED? Beyond genius. We need a new word to describe the Saudis..."
" accuses me of making stuff up. He claims to be a member or a veteran of L Company, 3rd Battalion, 5th Marine Regiment ""Darkhorse."" I don't believe him. ""Pinochet Helicopter Tours"" is the Caravan of Death, the Chilean death squad that threw people out of helicopters. HAW! GET IT?! Here's what our ""marine"" says I'm making up. Don't they teach marines to think? Here's the attack aircraft. I counted the frames per second and found a map of Fallujah that told me the distance between lampposts. The speed is Mach 4.5. That's reality. Weapons fifty years ahead of ours? Yeah. Watch the white car knock out the engine of the truck bomb. Watch an antitank guided missiles ATOMIZE a Turkish M60 Patton main battle tank. Watch the blast wave of a missile warhead be directed STRAIGHT DOWN. A tiny, chunky, delta-winged missile. You can see the shadow. We don't have ANY weapons like these. I'll teach our ""marine"" a new term: C6ISR forces. Command, Control, Communications, Computing, Cyber Warfare, Commando, Intelligence, Surveillance, Reconnaissance. Strategic special forces. I didn't invent the term. An Israel general did. See, I actually READ STUFF. Here's what happens: I see something or hear about something that I can't understand. So I research it. I don't scratch my ass and have a beer and make jokes about tossing people from helicopters. We can TEST our marine: How were these thousands of armored vehicles landed in secrecy? Be specific. Display your expertise. Also, I concluded that Israel and Saudi Arabia had an alliance because I knew two things that our ""marine"" didn't: The Saudis gave Israel intelligence for use against Hezbollah, and the Israelis sold Saudi Arabia weapons. But the videos coming out of Syria showed things that are FAR more advanced than known Israelis weapons. And it showed something else: Let's test our ""marine"" again. What does this image prove? My guess is I won't hear back from you, ""marine."" God help us if you're real..."
" The plea deal. First, a little background. I knew nothing about General Flynn. I'm apolitical, so I don't follow campaigns or staff choices or anything like that. I was going to sit out the 2016 election, having given up on both parties. is the only reason I voted and am now optimistic. When all the Flynn-Russia-Turkey stuff came out, I researched Flynn and discovered that he'd been fired as the head of the Defense Intelligence Agency. Flynn is one of the few officers in American history who went public with criticism of corruption WHILE STILL SERVING. That puts him in the company of General Billy Mitchell. Mitchell was court martialed and demoted for having the gall to tell the truth, that air power was the future of warfare. General Flynn--like Billy Mitchell--sacrificed his career in the name of the truth. So that made me interested in him. After researching Flynn, I became convinced that he would NEVER betray this country or engage in wrongdoing. I've been defending another man accused of wrongdoing. Like General Flynn, this man has a long public record. I make my decisions based on RESEARCH. Both are remarkable men FAR out of the ordinary. I believe both are incapable of wrongdoing. The specifics of the Flynn plea deal: Flynn pleaded guilty to the following: On or about January 24, 2017, Flynn lied about two conversations with Russian ambassador Sergei Kyslyak. One took place December 22, 2016, and one took place December 29, 2016, and Now we go to the Washington Post: The FBI cleared Flynn on January 23, 2017. ""The FBI in late December reviewed intercepts of communications between the Russian ambassador to the United States and retired Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn... but has not found any evidence of wrongdoing or illicit ties to the Russian government, U.S. officials said."" So on January 23, 2017, the FBI clears Flynn of wrongdoing. But look at the date of the charge. Now we go to the Washington Post. ""These calls were apparently on unsecured lines, and monitored by U.S. intelligence agencies."" I remember reading ""experts"" saying, ""I can't believe Flynn didn't know he'd be recorded!"" You SHOULDN'T believe it. Flynn knew he was being recorded. HE HAD to have known. He's a spook. Initially I thought THIS was relevant. It's not. That meeting was December 1 or 2. Flynn pleaded guilty to communications of December 22 and 29. Here's Flynn's statement about his guilty plea. ""My guilty plea and agreement to cooperate with the Special Counsel's Office reflect a decision I made in the best interests of my family and our country."" The general's son and brother say he didn't do anything wrong. I agree with them. I fully researched the accusations. Back to the Guardian: ""The retired three-star general, who had failed to declare payments from Turkish and Russian sources and who was reportedly under investigation for an alleged role in a kidnapping plot, had appeared vulnerable to much more serious charges than making false statements."" No. None of that is true. He was never vulnerable to being charged for those things. By the way, Guardian is known as the ""Grauniad"" in the UK because of its horrendous record of spelling and grammatical mistakes. The article on Flynn has a classic blunder: ""Flynn falsely denied to investigators that he had asked Kislyak..."" A REAL writer would've put it this way: ""Flynn lied when he denied to investigators that he had asked Kislyak..."" Here's the guy who careened through his article. So: The FBI cleared Flynn of wrongdoing on or about the same day they said he lied to them about his lack of wrongdoing. None of this leaked. Not in ten months. In terms of NATIONAL SECURITY LEAKS, the Trump administration has been virtually airtight. Could General Flynn's plea deal be a distraction from something else? Well, there's an answer to that too. One of my followers called this a while back. If you remind who you are, I'll link to your tweet in an addendum. The plan is for Russia to rack up foreign-policy victories that BENEFIT the international community. Putin is worth maybe 100 billion. He's bored and he feels like crap. If RUSSIA saves Syria and gets the North Koreans to give up their nukes, that it. Putin becomes a globally respect statesman. Then he stops causing trouble. But it takes an special ego structure to set up OTHERS for victory. President Trump HAS that ego structure. So what about General Flynn? Well, his plea deal ends his legal troubles. But. My gut tells me that the general has come in from the cold because his mission is over. The tectonic plates have shifted enough that General Rabbit is no longer needed. At any rate, my opinion of has not changed. He reminds me of my Great-uncle Colonel Curtis Yarnell Kimball. That Curtis being personally awarded an unidentified medal by Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery in Munich, April of 1945. Curtis's entire military career is a mystery. He did SOMETHING in Europe; he spoke German so fluently that he passed for a native. Like General Flynn, Curtis also spoke out about corruption. So first the army shipped him home from Iran in disgrace, and then they sent him to Alaska. Curtis finished his career testing equipment. Fort Greely was chosen for him because it's colder than the North Pole in winter, and in the summer, there was nothing but mud and flies. I have Curtis's field notes. He blamed the US State Department for the failure of the United States Mission with the Imperial Iranian Gendarmerie. ""THIS IS NUTS!"" he wrote. If you look at Curtis's army record, you'll think that he was an incompetent, insubordinate, and arrogant officer who thought he knew best, so his superiors had to grind him into the ground. This photo belies the accusations. Curtis couldn't defend himself. There was too much at stake. He died of complications from alcoholism in 1979. General Flynn will thrive. He knows that he has millions of supporters. , if you're ever in Los Angeles, look me up. We found multiple original copies of the photo of Curtis being awarded his medal by Montgomery. I'd to present you with one, if you agree... ADDENDUM: I consider this unimpeachable evidence that was on a mission: ""Obviously, it was wrong of Flynn to give the FBI false information; he could, after all, have simply refused to speak with the agents in the first place."" Since the general OBVIOUSLY knew he was being recorded, and since he could've chosen to not even speak to the FBI, I'm now absolutely convinced that this was a military deception (MILDEC) operation. Well done, General. ADDENDUM TWO: It was who predicted that Russia would help us with the North Korean nuclear-weapons issue. Addendum Three: ADDENDUM FOUR: It WAS a MILDEC and a counter-espionage operation. Stunning. No leaks on this. Not even one. Wow. The ramifications can't calculated."
" This may or many not mean anything. The Las Vegas mass murderer FIRST fired single shots. The security guard says that when he arrived, the murderer was drilling in the walls. The mass murderer had sealed the stairwell door with steel L-brackets. We know that the mass murderer has explosives in his car. He checked into the hotel on September 25, but he stayed in a different room. He moved into room 135 on September 28. Prior to that, he drove home several times, obviously loading up on weapons. The mass murderer paid for the suite, which means he planned to use it as his firing post. The sheriff says that the mass murderer had an escape plan. It's clear that he had a police uniform or jacket. The security guard went to the 32nd floor after he was alerted that the hallway door was open. The stairwell door was sealed shut, so the security guard went up another stairwell and went to the hallway door outside room 135. To stop the alert, the security guard closed the heavy hallway door, which made a thud. The mass murderer then fired through his room door and through the walls. The police say he fired 200 rounds. The police and the hotel now agree that the mass murderer fired on the crowd almost immediately after he fired on the security guard. My guess is that the guard interrupted the final preparations. The concert was scheduled to go on for several more hours. It's likely that the mass murderer broke the windows AFTER he fired at the guard. As I said, this may or may not mean anything. But. These two video frames--one before the shooting began and one after--may show a broken window. The windowless room would be darker than the surface of the building, which would make it LIGHTER in the negative images above. If you wonder about the timeline, just search ""Route 91 Harvest Festival"" and look at the first results. Another. They're going to sue the city, the hotel, the hotel's parent company, the festival promoters, the performers--everyone. All 20,000 people will be encouraged to sue. The litigation will be catastrophic and will go on for years. There will ALSO be lawsuits based on conspiracy theories. Guaranteed. THAT is why things are not as clear cut as you want. Thank our litigious society AND ""independent journalists."""
" There are professional commandos attached to the Kurds. In December of 2015, the Kurds took Tishrin Dam in broad daylight. The dam was heavily defended an booby trapped. There was no cover for a mile in all directions. The aftermath showed that a gunship had been used, but not an Apache. The strikes came from a .50 caliber machine gun. One photo of the assault aftermath was taken. His coveralls are SIMILAR to the ones that the Kurds use, but here's something I've noticed: Kurds almost always rolls up their sleeves. The Kurds have BGM-71 TOW missile launchers, but they lack the thermal sight. The pink Xenon beacon on the missile in this video indicates a thermal sight. So the Kurds are being helped by some very lethal people. Not us..."
" THIS is beyond incredible. It's not possible to take out the 10,000+ targets. There's only one solution: GCC strategic special forces will have to go. They'll have multiple options. For one, electronic warfare will make it impossible Hezbollah units to communicate with each other. Most of the rockets will be neutralized on the ground. The tunnels and bunkers will be cleared, as they were in Yemen, Syria, and Iraq. What I mean is, Hezbollah will be chased out of them. The infantry positions and antitank positions don't matter. If the men in them put up a fight, they'll be wiped out with gunships and the massive firepower of the commandos themselves. But actual firefights are the final option. Judging how poorly Hezbollah has performed in Syria, my guess is they won't want to slug it out with men who have training an order of magnitude higher and who've wiped out the Islamic State. I've never seen such a dense concentration of military infrastructure. A conventional attack is out of the question. We're going to see completely new methods of war-fighting. Remember: Killing masses of people--civilians or Hezbollah--will backfire. The GCC put trillions of dollars into solutions for this exact situation. I have full faith in the GCC and Israel. Hezbollah will be defeated VERY rapidly. The dynamics here are completely different from Yemen, Syria, and Iraq. In THIS case, speed is absolutely necessary. That mind-boggling military infrastructure must be neutralized immediately. I have no doubt that thousands of commandos infiltrated Lebanon months ago. Don't forget: All the GCC strategic special forces have women as well. This will be the first major conflict fought entirely by unconventional forces. On March 21, 1918, the Germans launched the Spring Offensive. They'd trained their entire army as special forces. And initially, they mopped the earth with the Allies. The TRAINING is what made the difference. But the German supply lines got stretched too thin, and discipline broke down. Remember, the Germans had been fighting a world war for four years by that time. They were under blockades, and they'd lost millions of men. Still, the special-forces training allowed the Germans to ALMOST win. Hezbollah is facing men and women with VASTLY superior training and weapons. We don't even KNOW what kinds of weapons will be used. Just remember: This has to be done. Don't be surprised if the overthrow of the mullahs happens simultaneously. The new Saudi king is like nobody the world has seen. Qui audet adipiscitur. ""Who dares, wins."" Normally credited to the Founder of the British Special Air Service David Stirling, it now appears the first person who said it was...an Arab. Page 76. "
" You know what did? She demanded that I choose who to believe. She put us all in that position. I believe president Trump, NOT the widow. I should not have been forced to make a choice. But since Democrats politicize the deaths of our soldiers, I have a duty to make sure they don't get away with it. The people who do this must pay a price. I don't WANT this fight. But I will fight it, if it's forced on me..."
" This is why the Democrats now have the upper hand. Our side is unable to reason. Moore was NOT a terrible candidate, as the polls showed. Also, Moore had a forty-year record that was as clean as a whistle. He was the LAST MAN ON EARTH vulnerable to accusations of sexual assault. But it worked. See, people say he was a terrible candidate because they disagree with his RELIGIOUS VIEWS. Those views should've INOCULATED HIM against the accusations. You think the Democrats wouldn't have tried this on Luther Strange? See, you're allowing the DEMOCRATS to determine who you think is qualified. The accusations against Roy Moore are BASELESS. You're saying MOORE is responsible for the lies told about him, but you're FORGETTING that he was the last guy who would do these things. You are COMPLETELY under the control of the Democrats, and you DON'T EVEN KNOW IT. Now you're blaming Roy Moore, even though he's ENTIRELY BLAMELESS. This was the worst political hit job in American history, and you're blaming the guy who was destroyed. Get this straight: The attacks worked because of YOU, not Roy Moore. These attacks SHOULD HAVE BEEN immediately dismissed. Moore was a West Point graduate, and he was known as ""Captain America"" in the army. If people weren't blinded by their biases, they would've seen that the attacks were PATHETIC. But now you're saying, ""Moore was a terrible candidate."" Incredible. It's the same old shit again: choose nonentities who won't ruffle feathers. So as you GIVE UP on people who fight, you also think that the Democrats won't pull this stuff on the bland, corporate Republican you want. They'll do it to HIM TOO! Roy Moore isn't the issue here. He was going to WIN. He lost because of YOU GUYS. You wouldn't DEFEND HIM. I've never in my life seen people gang up on one person this way. You were ALL MANIPULATED, and you don't even know it. FIRST the Democrats made you THINK that Moore was a terrible candidate, and then they closed in for the kill. You were sitting ducks. ALL of you. The one completely BLAMELESS person here is Roy Moore. I am truly speechless at how EASY it was for the Democrats to influence your thinking. Well, I'm glad to say that I myself wasn't influenced. Not for a second. Unless you people up your game, we will continue to lose. Look in the mirror. THAT is why Roy Moore lost..."
" You should be angry. People are lying about this. Hannity's account was hacked. ""Form submission"" is how computer programmers submit a form to a server. A ""Web form"" is how you submit data. This has NOTHING TO DO with the year 1649 or the State of the Union. It's time to start getting angry at the fear mongers, gore crows, doom criers, and ghouls. Hannity and Twitter are in no way involved in any genuine threats. The hacking of a Fox News pundit's social media account is just that: A hacking of a Fox News pundit's account. Two things are happening: Leftists are getting crazier, and conservatives are getting crazier. It's extremely dispiriting. Last night it was all, ""THIS IS IT! THE GREAT PURGE HAS BEGUN!"" Some people are only happy when they're spreading lies to make themselves feel significant or to generate clicks and likes and followers... ADDENDUM: provides the answer. ""It’s from the source code on his website where you submit your comments and email addy."" See? "
" posts another exhaustive thread on how multiple nations are getting on board for action. PERSONALLY, I think this is the most important point: I think what's happening is that the world is giving the Gulf Cooperation Council the ""legitimacy"" to act. We have country after country after country saying, ""Something must be done."" Trump said this today. Macron said the same thing. Look how insane Americans are acting. ""World War III! False flag! Deep State! Rothschilds! Military industrial complex! John Bolton!"" Imagine the societal breakdown in Europe if their leaders actually follow through. So I think this is all designed to give the GCC cover. The Saudis and their allies have already begun. Remember: The Saudis haven't wavered a micron in Yemen, despite THREE STRAIGHT YEARS of flat-out lies that they're committing war crimes. 's tweets all are true. But. My own PERSONAL opinion is that the world is giving the GCC cover for the fighting that the world has no stomach to undertake. The battle-damage assessment (BDA) of T4 shows that a commando raid took place. What if MULTIPLE raids took place simultaneously? That would explain the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and Hezbollah fleeing their positions. Trump IS taking charge--by engaging in masterful military deception (MILDEC). Operation Fortitude in World War II created phantom armies to fool the German into thinking we would land at Pas de Calais, not Normandy. Fake radio traffic, fake spy reports, fake SOUNDS broadcast by loudspeaker, and fake landing craft made of wood. Fake tanks made of rubber. And fake aircraft. We even made a fake army--the First US Army Group or FUSAG--and gave it a symbol and a commander: George Patton. I'm now convinced that John Bolton is playing the role of Patton in Operation Fortitude. Operation Fortitude was MILDEC. But Operation Overlord--the landings at Normandy--was real. Trump is carrying out Operation Fortitude. The GCC is carrying out Operation Overlord. I have no doubt whatsoever... ADDENDUM: The D-Day landings on June 6, 1944, involved 156,000 men. Look how many men the Saudis can direct. Now, imagine that those 350,000 men fight in autonomous ""combined arms micro teams."" In Exercise Northern Thunder, officers with the rank of brigadier general and above were required to PERSONALLY call in air strikes, fire artillery, command a tank, and engage in commando raids. My PERSONAL opinion is that what we're seeing now is FAR more audacious than any MILDEC in human history. The GCC needed Trump to cooperate. He's doing so happily and CONVINCINGLY..."
" Otto Dix was a machine gunner at the Battle of the Somme. The British thought they'd worked out a solution to the machine-gun problem. British artillery would fire a ""rolling barrage"" that would force the Germans to stay in their bunkers. The British troops would advance behind the barrage. Also, the artillery would cut all the barbed wire, allowing the British to storm the German trenches unimpeded. It was a catastrophe. The barrage outpaced the soldiers, who were told to advance at a walk. And the barrage failed to cut the barbed wire belts, some of which were fifty feet across. The barrage passed by the German machine gunners hidden deep below ground in their bunkers. Then the Germans ran up to the surface and set up their guns. The British were sitting ducks in No Man's Land. Otto Dix and the other gunners mowed them down by the thousands. The British soldiers had white cloth panels on their backs so that the generals in the rear could see them. Each soldier carried 77 pounds of equipment. Infamously, a British general watching the Newfoundland Regiment said, ""Dammit, why aren't those men advancing?"" His aide said, ""Because they're all dead, sir."" The British suffered 60,000 casualties on the first day, including 19,240 killed. Against orders, Otto Dix and the other Germans stopped firing so that the British could recover their wounded. And yet Otto Dix lived to the age of 77. Classified as a degenerate by the Nazis, he refused to leave Germany and was arrested several times. I'm sure he felt there was nothing anyone could to him anymore. This may be the only photo of him smiling (right). He hated politicians more than anyone in the world. Dix found religion late in life, which allowed him to forgive himself. He painted several Christian allegorical images before he died. His favorite religious subject was Saint Christopher, the patron saint of travelers. ""Behold Saint Christopher and go on your way reassured."" "
" makes a comment. Saudi Arabia became the strictest Muslim nation in the world in 1979, as a reaction to an armed uprising by radicals. At the time, Saudi Arabia had three armed forces that didn't communicate. The Special Security (Ministry of the Interior), the armed forces (Ministry of Defense), and the Saudi Arabian National Guard (Ministry of the SANG). The SANG existed only to protect the House of Saud from coups. In 2003, there was ANOTHER uprising, this time led by al-Qaeda. The Saudis defeated it, but they then completely revamped their entire country. The Saudis DID support terrorism, as they admitted. But you need to understand that the CURRENT leadership never supported terrorism. AND the Saudis have never admitted this before. It's clear now that King Abdullah was a secret reformer. What he did was to combine the three armed forces into one, AND he implemented training programs to make them then best in the world. The House of Saud is now at the mercy of its armed forces. A coup could happen at any time. But it won't. Saudi Arabia has simply decided that it wants to be a ""normal country,"" as Mohammed bin Salman said. No more drama about religion, culture, and so on. The Saudis are implementing reforms that will ensure stability in the long term. Your Turkish friend didn't tell you that secularism was imposed on Turkey by force. Doing so GUARANTEED that someday, the Turks would revert to Islamism. Political Islam. And they have. Turkey also longs for its days of empire. The Saudis never had an empire. At some point, you look at ACTIONS and accept that these are trustworthy people who are going forward without a nefarious agenda. I have to say that the term ""military industrial complex"" makes me want to vomit. Here's what everybody needs to accept: The Saudis are ALLIES, but they don't NEED us. Saudi Arabia and Israel made peace in 2006, and then the Gulf Cooperation Council began funding Israel weapon development. The GCC may have spent as much as $5 trillion on Israeli weapons. That means things we can't even comprehend. Nobody can dupe Trump, the Saudis are FAR AHEAD OF US in terms of weaponry, and they're OPENLY freeing their people. This is totally visible. They disbanded the religious police. Women don't have to cover their hair. The first female ministers were appointed. And female religious scholars are now issuing interpretations of the law. If people think this is all part of an elaborate hoax, I don't know what to tell them, except GROW UP. I've been studying the wars in the Middle East since 2012. The Saudis are conducting the most brilliant military campaigns in human history. They're not the boogeymen, for God's sake. It's time to let go of notions based on superficial understanding. My unsolicited advice is to not listen to ANYONE who warns you of impending disaster. They're NEVER right. Never..."
" A note from inspires me to tweet two videos that will always explain everything, no matter what seems to be happening. Remember: No matter what you THINK is happening, this IS what's happening. From the president's own mouth. ""The leaks are absolutely real; the news is fake."" Keeping that in mind, listen to what Newt Gingrich said. The president and his advisers are TELLING US WHAT THEY ARE DOING. ""The leaks are absolutely real; the news is fake."" That has only ONE SPECIFIC MEANING. So: Every time you feel an attack of the vapors, watch those two videos. We're talking about REVOLUTIONARIES here. They're going for broke. And they will win. Guaranteed."
" A story for sneering leftists. About religion. I was never religious. My parents raised me as a Catholic, but it didn't take. I could never make that leap. For most of my life, I was what you would call a pessimistic agnostic. I didn't KNOW if God existed, but I leaned toward ""No."" In my twenties and thirties, I started having experiences that made me feel less unsure. Several people told me that I was gifted. A palm reader told me that people in his profession waited their entire lives to meet someone like me. Then he started crying. Years ago, there was TV series called ""The Eleventh Hour."" There have been multiple series with the same name. I saw this episode in the late 1970s. The episode was about a bearded hermit who had nothing but questions, so he spent all his time reading religious material. What he concluded was that we all do what we're supposed to do. He filled a bucket of water and then stepped up on it. So he was walking on water. His door opened, and one of the gardeners came in. He saw the hermit standing on water, so he fell to his knees. And the hermit got irritated. I don't actually talk about most of the stuff that I see. I knew Trump would be president. Remember, this was when they were giving Hillary a 98 percent chance or whatever. I ended up a non-religious theist, meaning I believe in God, but I don't practice a religion. I've read all religious tomes, so that's why I can quote the Bible. It's great writing. Leftists think because I quote the Bible, I'm a conservative Christian. They ask me how I can support a flawed man like Trump. And now, all conservative Christians are laughing. These leftists know nothing about Christianity. My neighbor across the street was a VERY flawed man. He was a former gangster and drug abuser who found God. It didn't help. The family had tons of problems. Two sons joined gangs and went to prison for life. In 1985, my neighbor came over and asked me to come to his house. He wanted to give me something. So I went over with him. He asked me to sit on the curb in his driveway, and he went inside. When he came out, he had his Bible. He told me that he'd heard I was going to Japan, and he was worried about me. So he asked me to take his Bible. ""If you have my Bible, you'll be protected,"" he said. So I took his Bible. And I kept it. I still have it. Here it is. I just scanned it five minutes ago. You can see that it's an auto mechanic's Bible. He underlined passages that he found important. I'll keep the Bible for the rest of my life. See, it was a gesture that I have to honor. The man's family fell apart. My own religious family fell apart. My parents' faith failed them. But I know--KNOW--that God exists, and God runs an organization similar to the Trump Organization. There's God, the archangels, the angels, the saints, and the layperson. The system is benign, so there's no need for anyone to be afraid. People who sneer at religion are deeply unhappy. Even though I wasn't a believer, I never sneered. And NOW, I can see things. It's my reward for working my butt off tryingto figure out what the heck is going on. I never ARGUE religion with people, and I DO NOT respect attempts to convert me. But I respect religion. There's something to it. I myself can't be religious, but I respect those who are. This is my own opinion. I'm not saying I'm right and you're wrong. I'm just saying that this is my own opinion... "
" I was always afraid of mass insanity. It's why I have a weakness for movies in which an infection makes most people into crazed animals. If you LOOK at what says, it's ALL CONJECTURE from his own self. The main guy ACCUSING HIM of being a ""Deep State"" plant has said in all seriousness the following: H. R. McMaster--who personally killed hundreds of Muslims--is a stealth JIHADIST. John Kelly--the White House Chief of Staff--is DRUGGING TRUMP and physically holding him prisoner. So: Conjecture on legal matters is deranged, but claiming that Grade Z straight-to-streaming movie plots are REAL is sane. I recommend that everybody watch an old movie called ""Shock Corridor."" The premise of the movie is simple: The more time you spend with insane people, the easier it is for you yourself to go insane. In my 55 years, I've never seen such widespread craziness. What happened to you people? Yesterday was supposed to be the first day of the new Civil War. Nothing happened. Are you not grateful? We went from Antifia throwing fifty explosive at Trump supporters to...nothing. Did that happen by accident? No. The federal government made it happen. The same Attorney General who you call a traitor has authorized maybe hundreds of stings. BRILLIANT stings. ""I WANT HILLARY ARRESTED! WAAAAAAAAA!"" Hillary wasn't throwing explosives at fellow citizens. Time to up your game. Or not. I don't care. Keep bitching about Hillary. You guys will be following the pack into the asylum while and I marvel at the stunning improvements. Because we're DEEP STATE PLANTS! "
" The Islamic State's new weapon: Families. This is actually TWO suicide vests. One. Two. No cops were killed. All the flying heads belong to the bomber-family. These bombings tell us TWO things: The Islamic State is finding it hard to recruit, and the quality of their weapons has fallen dramatically. The Islamic State got most of its weapons from the collapsed Iraqi army, which ran en masse in June of 2014 and May of 2015. Funding came from Turkey, oil, extortion, ransom, and taxes on the people they'd conquered. We're going to see these sorts of attacks a while yet. The good news is that the effectiveness of the attacks will continue to drop. Years from now, historians will recognize that terrorists caused so many problems because they were ALLOWED TO DO SO. The London mayor says, ""We just have to live with it."" John Kerry said in 2004 that terrorism was a ""nuisance,"" and we overreacted. What we've discovered is that the way to fight terrorists is to ruthlessly kill the leaders and the second-in-command. This erodes the effectiveness of the terrorism. In 2015, the Islamic State created ""Inghemasiyoun"" (Those Who Immerse Themselves). Suicide shock troops who wore blue. Read the caption. So they made their best fighters into suicide troops. How many times can you use suicide troops? Therefore with every attack, the Islamic State diminished itself. Al-Qaeda and Hamas said, ""We love death the way you love life, so we will win."" No. Fighting to the death means you lose. Because...YOU'RE DEAD. Those who love LIFE always win. AND. Those who love the lives of OTHERS win even more emphatically. Don't kid yourself: The strategic commandos of the Gulf Cooperation Council LOVE US. They're fighting for US. And that's why they're winning. They see the big picture. To fight for others is LIFE AFFIRMING. When you will do anything for OTHERS, you can't lose. And that's why I'm so optimistic about the future. More and more people see the big picture. Those of us who love LIFE will win..."
" tweets to me. is an actor. You've seen him in dozens of films. Here he is. Marshall doesn't remember, but he and I met at a party. This imagery? It's Nazi. The octopus is a traditional image used by Jew-haters. Remember what you ranted about when we met, Marshall? OF COURSE YOU DON'T! You were drunk. But I remember. So I'm not surprised in the least that you tweet Nazi imagery. Mark Bryan--the guy who painted the Nazi image of Trump--is easily the most boring painter on earth. My favorite painter is the German Otto Dix, a machine gunner in World War I. Like me, he was totally apolitical. He said, ""Painting is an act of exorcism."" Mark Bryan thinks he's edgy. Behold Otto Dix. Veterans. Hospital mate. ""Encounter with a Madman."" ""The Artist as a Soldier."" As a machine gunner, Dix killed maybe thousands. What upsets and Mark Bryan? Hallucinations. Because they've had it so good. So they have to hallucinate problems. Otto Dix was a very funny, sensitive man. His OTHER work shows it. Even though he also survived years of seeing THIS. Dix would've laughed his head off at Trump haters and their piddling little minds... ADDENDUM: A better clip of Marshall. He's the general. "
" What's PTSD like? Armed officer suffers attack; paramedic intervenes. THAT is a PTSD flashback. I've never seen caught on video before. I can't speak for anyone except myself, but THAT'S what been going on inside my head for fifty years. The officer is RE-EXPERIENCING something traumatic. He has no control whatsoever over his reactions. When you have flashbacks, you're just along for the ride. I used to run blindly into the street or jump into bushes. It's one of the many reasons I live in solitude. My flashbacks come when a bouncy, joyous young Latino man confronts me. It dates back to lawless Venezuela. Although I haven't had a full-fledged flashback in years, it's hard to remain calm when a certain type of Latino man talks to me. The bouncy, happy, smiling act came before murder. Murder with edged weapons. Men are ashamed when they suffer flashbacks. It's why so many of us keep our PTSD secret. Women will get PTSD when they're sexually assaulted. Harvey Weinstein caused PTSD in thousands of women. So watch that video again, and then ask yourself if you're being reasonable by demanding that all rape victims come forward. In 2001, I scared the hell out of two young Latino men walking toward me on the sidewalk at this golf course. They came toward me with that smiling, bouncy walk that I saw as a child right before someone got a machete in the face. Without conscious thought, I dove into the bushes, making the same sound as the officer in the video. The kids were horrified. ""Don't do that, mister!"" one of them said. ""We don't mess with people!"" It's EASY to make demands on others, if you have no idea what they've survived. It's not as cut and dried as, ""She should've spoken up!"" Defense lawyers have no souls. They TRY to induce PTSD flashbacks, so then they can say, ""See? This person is completely insane. We can't trust a word she says!"" Concentrate on the PERPETRATOR. Don't cause more harm to the victim..."
" I'll just write a new one. In 1991, President Bush encouraged the Iraqis to rise up and overthrow Saddam Hussein, who we had just defeated in Desert Storm. When the Shia and Kurds rose up, we not only allowed Saddam to use helicopter gunships on them, we returned all his captured weaponry. About 180,000 Iraqis were killed, FAR MORE than we killed in Desert Storm. The Middle East never forgot. Our credibility was shot. Nobody would ever again rely on us to help them overthrow a brutal dictatorship. Fast forward to Syria in 2018. Russia uses regular army soldiers who they call ""mercenaries."" The Russians call them ""ghost soldiers."" In order to PROVE our trustworthiness to the Iranian people, the Iranian armed forces, and members of the Iranian security forces and government, President Trump set a trap. Trump made Putin think that they're buddies. We have a ""deconfliction line"" in Syria that allows Americans to talk to Russians. The Russians have fired on us many times. ""Oh, it's those mercenaries!"" the Russians say. ""Talk to Assad."" So somebody told the Russians to take the oil fields at Deir Ezzor. On February 7, 2018, an assault battalion of 550 men attacked with tanks and heavy artillery. They had no air power, because they were told that our troops would retreat. It was a trap. The Russians were hit with fixed-wing fighters, helicopter gunships, B-52 Stratofortress strategic bombers, AC-130 gunships, and US Marine guided artillery. The B-52s came from Qatar, and the AC-130s came from Djibouti. They were already orbiting overhead. Here's what Mattis said. He didn't say, ""Stop them."" He said, ""ANNIHILATE them."" Of the 550 Russians, 200+ were killed, and 300+ were wounded. The few survivors said, ""They knew we were coming,"" and ""They sent their message."" The message to the Iranians was, ""We're not afraid of Russia. We'll help you in any way you ask."" The message to Putin was, ""Don't interfere in Iran."" reports daily on how the Russians are abandoning the mullahs. We had to show the Middle East that Trump was serious when he said this. When the Iranians rise up, we won't hang them out to dry, the way we did the Iraqis. The Russians in Syria didn't require STRATEGIC BOMBERS to stop them. Those bombers were sent as a message. Don't feel bad for the dead Russians. They're keeping the Syrians in prison. So an example had to be made. This was the most ruthless trap ever set. You can BET that Putin and the rest of the Middle East see Trump in a new light. Except for the Saudis. They've known Trump since 1980 at the latest... "
" Jake Novak neatly demonstrates how the press lies. Almost the entire article is this: Then Novak says this: ""Whether the U.S. initiated this or the Saudis took advantage of a new administration, it's not clear where it goes next."" Wait: So now maybe Trump DIDN'T cause this centuries-old feud? YA DON'T SAY! Here's the reality: The Saudis HAVE NOTHING AGAINST SHIA MUSLIMS. It's absolutely clear that Sunni Arab and other military advisers helped the Iraqis defeat the Islamic State, with no strings attached. WHY no strings attached? Because it's counterproductive. As a result, a former SLAVE of Iran has come around. The price of Iranian help is SLAUGHTER and ENSLAVEMENT. Nobody likes to be murdered and enslaved. There WILL NOT BE a major regional conflict in the Middle East. The Gulf Cooperation Council has created a new form of warfare. ALL the weapons, tactics, and strategies had been battle tested since October of 2015. The GCC created a new soldier, the strategic special operator. Also called a C6ISR soldier. Command, Control, Communications, Computing, Cyber Warfare, Commando, Intelligence, Surveillance, Reconnaissance. The GCC brought about the Second Revolution in Military Affairs. Now special forces can win wars on their own. Strategic special forces fight in ""combined arms micro teams."" The worst loss of US Navy SEALs was the shooting down of the helicopter Extortion 17. Special forces were invented in World War I by the Germans. They were called ""shock troops"" (Stosstruppen). Their main weapon was the hand grenade, carried in bags on their chests. These were the most physically fit men in the army, all single and under the age of 27. And they were wiped out. All that training and expertise, gone in a moment. That's ALWAYS been the problem with special forces. They are SPECIAL, so their loss is devastating. So the Arabs are doing what the Germans eventually did in World War I: They're making EVERY SOLDIER a special operator. Nobody talks about this, but by the end of World War I, every single German soldier had been trained in shock-troop tactics. It's an old idea that has ALWAYS been rejected due to hidebound, mediocre minds. The last time it was tried was a century ago. And now, the Arabs have made it their official combat doctrine. Extortion 17 carried men with training and experience like no others. When the helicopter was shot down, all those men were lost. Well, Iran is facing HUNDREDS or THOUSANDS of Extortion 17s. Each helicopter will carry strategic special forces. Remember: C6ISR. Command, Control, Communications, Computing, Cyber Warfare, Commando, Intelligence, Surveillance, Reconnaissance. Each micro team will have heavy weapons, armor, air power, and artillery. Each SOLDIER will have incredible firepower. But most importantly, he'll have his brain and his training. No regional war. The mullahs will go gently into the night, and the Persians will be free. Just watch..."
" NOW you're concerned about comparisons to Nazism? I'm totally apolitical. I was going to sit out all future elections. THIS is what I get for caring about my county. I've been called a Nazi for more than two years now. The ""Trump is Hitler"" trope is so common that it's part of the culture now. Any comment for ME, a person called a Nazi because I value improvement over all else? Or do I not matter...? "
" talks about a way to avoid being held accountable. The other half of this equation is that members of a group usually circle the wagons. Therefore both those inside AND outside the group adopt a herd mentality. This happened in Lebanon in 2006. Hezbollah attacked Israel without provocation. They made an incursion onto Israeli soil, during a sophisticated, multi-pronged operation that used distractions and high-tech weaponry. When Israel responded, Lebanese who had spent their lives fighting Hezbollah UNITED AROUND the terrorist group. It was the most sickening thing I've ever seen in my life. The Obama lawlessness of the Obama administration is being exposed. So they're rallying the troops. Just like Hezbollah did. My own approach is to tell the truth and let the cards fall where they may. If the FBI now can't do its job because individual members have been fired, it means that the entire organization must be revamped. Being a member of the FBI doesn't automatically mean you're a saint. Just say one name: Robert Hanssen. Hanssen spied for the Soviets and Russians for 22 years. He was most the most destructive spy in American history. By himself, he wiped out decades' worth of work. And he got untold numbers of people killed. Does criticizing Hanssen mean we're criticizing the integrity of the entire FBI? Of course not. BUT. How was able to spy for 22 years? Denial on the part of the FBI. ""One of ours wouldn't do that!"" Trump said that you give people jobs and you TRUST them, but you also assume the worst. You prepare yourself for their failure or betrayal. Therefore at the FIRST SIGN of trouble, Trump fires people. He doesn't let them keep on damaging him for 22 years. During the Obama years, lawlessness was the norm. Obama PROVED that a rogue president can't be stopped. The only way to have stopped Obama would've been to arrest him, which the Secret Service would not have allowed. Most people don't know what Saddam Hussein actually did in the latter part of his dictatorship. The Ba'ath Party is national socialism. Saddam merged national socialism with jihadism, creating a new ideology. Obama merged lawlessness and leftism, creating a sort of Marxist absolute monarchy. And he recruited people who wanted in on it. Absolutism and lawlessness allow them to impost their will on us AND reap massive personal benefits. All of these people are about RESTRICTING others. is about lifting restrictions so that people can be free, AND he's about preventing other countries from taking advantage of us. This is the only time in history that a noncorruptible American president found noncorruptible allies who share his vision of freedom and a refusal to let other nations take advantage. President Trump, the Saudis, and their allies are rendering obsolete everything that came before. Therefore those who sell obsolete notions are furious. AND they appear to have been utterly lawless on top of it. The reason I support Trump, the Saudis, and their allies is that they are the REAL THING. They prove it daily. The USS Jimmy Carter returning home in April of 2017. Flying the Jolly Roger. The sub carried out two successful combat operations in 2017. Not a peep from anyone. The Jimmy Carter lands and recovers special-operations units. It patrols the Pacific. Under Obama, we had eight years of WEAKNESS and INCOMPETENCE. So this guy doesn't speak for me. I support Donald John Trump, who is ALREADY our best president. And he's just getting started..."
" In this era, don't take things at face value. It's called MILDEC (military deception). Yesterday. Today. A barracks? Mashabim Air Base? From the Israeli Air Force Website. Search results for ""Mashabim."" Google Maps image of Mashabim. No runways. MILDEC. The idea of ""transparency"" was nice. If flopped. Thus MILDEC. Finally."
" People tell me the video of striking truckers in Puerto Rico isn't real. I turned the video on its side. ""Victor Rodriquez of the Frente Amplio of Truckers."" Speaks to our correspondent on the lack of gasoline and diesel in the stations."" Here's Victor. He's the PRESIDENT of the truckers' union. He says FEMA can do nothing about the fact that his men aren't working. I predict that Trump will have flown in US Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine drivers by tonight. And they'll drive with armed guards."
" DACA, part two. I lived in Japan for five years. I'm on the left. In Japan, the government and the private sector required that you do everything IN JAPANESE. You had to speak the language fluently in order to survive. If you didn't speak Japanese, you were out of luck. That photo is my friend Steiv Dixon. His former girlfriend came to visit, and she stayed with me, since Steiv was now dating another woman. This was thirty years ago. We did things differently back then. Apartments didn't have washing machines. Everyone used the laundromat. So she washed all her clothes at the laundromat. This was an extremely beautiful woman who attracted attention. Remind me to tell you the Navy SEALs story someday. So she left he clothes unattended while she had lunch, and when she came back, all her underwear had been stolen. We were in the laundromat, marveling that someone would do that. A Japanese who felt bad went and got a cop from the local kiosk. The cop took a report, totally in Japanese. He spoke to us in Japanese, and I responded, since my pal didn't speak the language. After we'd filed the report, the cop closed his notebook. ""So how do you guys like Tokyo?"" he asked in perfect American English. See, after he PERFORMED HIS DUTY, he revealed that he'd studied in the US. But as a Japanese cop, he didn't cut us any slack. WE had to do things the JAPANESE way. This actually happened to me over and over. Not ONE Japanese official LED with the fact that he or she spoke fluent English. I was required to PROVE that I could function in Japanese society. After I convinced the official that I was fluent, and AFTER our official business was over, they revealed their ability to speak English. It was more than a matter of cultural pride. The Japanese way of thinking was, ""You need to show us that you're not going to transform our society against our will."" Showing them that I could speak fluent Japanese was the proof that they didn't have to start putting up sign in English and hiring interpreters. We need to adopt the Japanese approach. California law requires that all pharmacies and doctors hire interpreters. It's actually the RIGHT of the person who doesn't speak English. I was in an art store, and guy walked up to the blonde, blue-eyed sales clerk and asked her in Spanish if they sold shadow boxes. She just shrugged. He asked slowly and clearly, but she didn't reply. Finally he left. ""I speak Spanish,"" I told her. ""But I didn't like the way he just assumed that OF COURSE you speak it. He felt entitled."" She laughed. ""I speak fluent Spanish,"" she said. ""But I felt the same way. He was very rude."" If someone ASKS me if I speak Spanish I say yes. If they just start speaking in Spanish, I pretend I don't understand. When we took our neighbors to arbitration over their barking dogs, they told the Latino arbitrator that we were picking on them out of racism. So we said in Spanish, ""Surprise! Our mother was Mexican."" They were stunned. They had no idea. AND they had to get rid of two of their five dogs. Ha..."
" ""That's just conjecture!"" I quit the military history world because they are violently opposed to any form of original thinking. Take German flamethrower badges of World War One. I was the only person in the world who noticed that German flamethrower operators wore their badges in four distinct positions. The positions are: center of the cuff top of the cuff halfway off the top of the cuff above the cuff So I said, ""Obviously the position of the badge has significance."" And I became the target of venom and mockery. ""How do you know?"" I don't KNOW. I'm making a guess. ""Well, you don't KNOW, then. You're just guessing."" Correct. That's why I SAID I don't, and I'm just guessing. ""But where's your SOURCE?"" My source is my brain. You tell me: Why did the men wear their badges in four positions? ""Maybe it was up to the individual guy."" Wait: Aren't you guessing? ""Yeah, but YOU said it like it was a FACT. You said the word 'obviously.' That means you think you're RIGHT."" True. I DO think I'm right. So what? ""Well, you don't get to just MAKE UP crap and tell everyone it's a fact."" I didn't say it's a fact. ""You said 'OBVIOUSLY.' That means you think it's a fact."" Yes. I THINK it's a fact, but I'm not saying it IS a fact. ""Why are you saying something's a FACT? You don't know."" That's right. I'm GUESSING. ""Yeah, but you said 'obviously.' Where do you get saying it's obvious? It's only obvious to YOU."" ""That's right. So what? ""So why are telling everyone it's a fact when you're just guessing?"" I eventually gave up. And then I proved myself right. The flamethrower regiment was run by a middle-aged, insecure guy who craved glory but didn't get it. I know that because I read his memoirs. There were three separate flamethrower units: The Guard Pioneer Flamethrower Regiment. The Flamethrower Squad of Assault Battalion No. 5 (Rohr). The Flamethrower Platoon of Ranger (Assault) Battalion No. 3 On July 28, 1916, the German Crown Prince awarded all flamethrower troops a death's head badge, his own personal symbol. The men were to wear the badge ""on the left sleeve."" That's all the Crown Prince's letter says. The men of the flamethrower regiment wore the badge in the middle of the cuff. The men of the Flamethrower Squad of Assault Battalion No. 5 (Rohr) wore the badge below their left elbow. And the men of the Flamethrower Platoon of Ranger (Assault) Battalion No. 3 wore the badge at the top of the cuff. I still haven't found photographic evidence that identifies the badge position that's halfway off the top of the cuff, but it has to be for non-flamethrower operator. Flamethrower training was incredibly long and hard and dangerous. The men who used machine guns, grenade launchers, and hand grenades weren't trained in the use of flamethrowers, even though they were members of the unit. I didn't TELL anybody that I'd found the evidence proving my guess. Because, you know, f*ck those guys. BUT. A French army colonel wrote a book about World War One shock troops, and when I gave him scans of flamethrower troops, I explained the badge positions. ""Great! Thank you!"" he said. After he published his book, GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? Nobody messed with the French army colonel. He doesn't suffer fools gladly. So they CAME AFTER ME! I'd ""misled"" the French army colonel. A former officer of the Special Forces and a man who's studied shock troops for fifty years. So now they hated me EVEN MORE. ""Okay, so you found some postcards that unit names on them. So what? How do you the guy who sent the postcard was telling the truth?"" This is why I generally despise military ""experts"" and historians. Their minds are totally closed. They get hysterical if you make a guess. That's why I DON'T CARE when people say, ""You're just guessing!"" I was run out of THREE DIFFERENT INDUSTRIES because I made guesses. Well, here's the final word on THAT. I'm now a professional investor. I have no job. I made a guess on closed-end mutual funds. The ""experts"" insist to me that you can't make money on them. Tell that to my bank account. THANK YOU, ! Because of YOU, the sky is the limit. Mr. President, my guess is that YOU make guesses all the time... ADDENDUM: I got so wound up that I forgot to explain WHY the men of different units wore the flamethrower badge in different places: It was to mollify the insecure commander of the flamethrower regiment. See, he got angry when those OTHER men got to wear the badge. So to keep him happy and differentiate the OTHER men from HIS men, they wore the badge in different positions. And no, that isn't written down anywhere. I DEDUCED that after reading the guy's angry, self-serving memoirs, in which he erased the other two flamethrower units and took credit for everything..."
" One part of it is the attorney general's investigation of the FBI. McCabe resigned seven weeks before he could land a big, fat pension. What does that tell you? Where's Sessions? Working in peace. On something else. And I have no idea what. Mueller has asked that the sentencing of Michael Flynn be delayed. That means Mueller has found evidence that Flynn was unjustly convicted. The judge who accepted Flynn's plea abruptly recused himself. He knew that is he sentenced Flynn, he'd be in hot water. Why? Because that judge had knowledge of the corrupt FISA process. He may even have been the judge who granted the FISA warrant that snared Flynn. As a spook, Flynn knew full well that his conversations with the Russian ambassador were being recorded. Flynn ALSO knew that he had no obligation to talk to Strzok! of the FBI. Yet Flynn not only talk to Strzok!, he LIED to Strzok! Why? Because Flynn needed to be CHARGED in order to PROVE that the FISA process is corrupt and was used to illegally spy on Trump. During the ""discovery process,"" Flynn's lawyers were shown the evidence against Flynn. THAT is the evidence of abuse. Flynn's lawyers have the paperwork showing how the process SHOULD be carried out. The judge who accepted Flynn's plea suddenly recused himself. That means SOMEONE--cough Sessions cough--showed the judge Flynn's evidence and said, ""Hey buddy: You didn't do things the right way. What gives?"" ""Dirty cop"" Mueller has asked that Flynn's sentencing be put off for several months while he investigates. That means MUELLER has the evidence too. The Nunes memo is the rabbit that the Democrats and the press are chasing. Don't get me wrong: Flynn, Nunes, and Trump didn't sit down and plan this out. The counter-espionage operation is Flynn's. He of course told Trump that he would do SOMETHING, but he never told Trump the plan. That way Trump's reactions would be genuine. Ditto for Nunes. He WAS given genuine intelligence on abuses. And he was smart enough to exploit it in a way that took all eyes off of everything else. And while the world screeched, Mueller signaled the real story by asking that Flynn's sentencing be delayed. So Mueller has uncovered evidence of abuse. I always knew that Mueller would do his job come hell of high water, unpoliticized. And I always knew that Trump wouldn't fire him. When Trump tweeted ""Witch hunt!"" I knew it wasn't. I knew that Mueller wouldn't manufacture evidence, and since ""collusion"" didn't happen AND ISN'T A CRIME, I knew that Mueller would eventually uncover the real story. Mueller asking that Flynn's sentencing be delayed is the proof that he's uncovered the abuse of FISA warrants. Count on it... ADDENDUM: Typo alert! Point No. 6: ""He knew that IF he sentenced Flynn, he'd be in hot water."" ADDENDUM TWO: Typo alert! ""Come hell OR high water."" I am NOT an idiot, but my fingers are..."
" How would you like to be an Iranian sent to Syria? Strikes on al-Kiswah today. Al-Kiswah in October of 2017. Al-Kiswah in 2018. All the new structures have been leveled. So After Trump pulled out of the JCPOA, a bunch of Iranians were told, ""Go back to al-Kiswah and see what happens."" Those Iranians and their Hezbollah allies are no longer with us. NO LEARNING CURVE. This is why the mullahs will fall. ALL THEIR MEN ARE SIMPLY CANNON FODDER. The ones sent back to al-Kiswah were obviously forced to go at gunpoint. The safe, rich, corrupt mullahs are squandering the lives of their forces. That is building a LOT of resentment. And as a result, the security forces are already helping the mullahs' enemies. So stay tuned..."
" How much have things changed? ""'This is the first time that the commander of CENTCOM visited Israel,' the army told Kan news."" The US military is divided into ""unified combatant commands."" There are nine unified combatant commands. Central Command (CENTCOM) deals with the Middle East. BUT. In order to mollify Turkey and other nations in the Middle East, Israel worked with European Command or EUCOM. Under Trump, CENTCOM is dealing with Israel. In other words, the nations in the Middle East are no longer demanding that Israel be excluded from American-Middle East planning. A GIGANTIC change that went under the radar. ""Stormy! Mueller! Deep State! The caravan!"" Yes, yes, yes... "
" Let's do a little thought experiment. Imagine the woman who sent this tweet about Barbara Bush. She's a Californian college professor. Does that help create a mental image? Okay, ready? The big reveal. Here she is. GOTCHA! That's actually my mother. Here's the good professor. You're shocked, I know. Sometimes people just don't conform to stereotypes..."
" What are and fighting? This: Two of the most KNOWLEDGEABLE American experts on German World War One assault troops are black. And I can't name them because of politics. This young man and young WOMAN are in hiding because of politics. How moral is that? We communicate about our field of interest, and they write articles and books, but they keep their identities secret. The woman uses a man's name. I gave both of them photos of white men that I doctored to hide the source. ME. I'm the source. In the United States in 2018, two young black people have to use FAKE NAMES and FAKE PHOTOS of me in order to not be harassed. It's time for this to end. This isn't about politics. This is about the right to CHOOSE. Why are certain subjects and political viewpoints off limits to black people? That's apartheid and Jim Crow. If ALL Americans aren't free to choose, then NO Americans are free. So we need to end the current Jim Crow social laws. They're utterly inhumane. If you want political support, MAKE THE BETTER ARGUMENT. Don't try to destroy people for thinking differently. That's genuinely EVIL. AFTER the US returns to RESPECTING different viewpoints, THEN we can carry on. Right now, we NEED to change. Making America great again is about IMPROVEMENT. Today--April 25, 2018--is a day of improvement. We should all be grateful that this is happening..."
" The Iranian protesters let us know their intentions, using the movie ""Immortals"" (2011). ""Listen to me! Listen!"" ""Who are you to tell us what to do?"" ""I am nobody to tell you what to do! I am Theseus, a good man. One of you, I share your blood and I share your fear! But to run now, we offer our souls and the souls of our children to a terrible darkness."" ""Hold! We must stand and fight! Their numbers count for nothing in the tunnel! Stand your ground! Stand your ground! In the way that WE are gods!"" ""In formations!"" ""Just because they scar their faces and scar their bodies does not mean they are braver or stronger than we are. They are cowards! They hide behind their masks! There are human and they bleed like you and I. Listen to me! Stand your ground!"" ""Fight for honor! Fight for the man beside you, fight for those who bore you! Fight for your children! Fight for your future! Fight for your name! Survive! Fight...for immortality!"" ""Let us write history with Heraklion blood!"" ""Their numbers mean nothing in the tunnels."" AND their numbers mean nothing in the form of uprising that the Iranians have chosen. This isn't about violence. This is about the gradual recruitment of the security forces and the armed forces. It will be successful. The protesters are involved in a new form of revolution. Call it a revolution of scruples. By being patient and smart, the protesters will convert enough of the security forces to bring about regime change. Don't try to analyze THIS revolution based on any previous paradigm. This is new. That's why the Iranians will succeed..."
" What does this tell us? ""Saudi state-owned news channel Al Ekhbariya said on Saturday that more than 50 rebels were killed in an overnight attack on a Houthi interior ministry building on Friday, including two high-ranking rebels."" We have a very rare video of a similar strike in Syria. It's not gruesome. They hear the missile coming and start to run. The cloud of explosive vapor is released over their heads and detonated. It's like a fist coming down. It looks like the gas in the tank on one of the motorcycles ignited. But there's actually almost no damage. Except to the terrorists. That air strike was guided by a man on the ground. It took out Islamic State emirs or commanders meeting in what they thought was a safe place. The Houthis in Yemen are now losing their commanders at a VERY high rate. That means their networks have been completely penetrated. It was once said that you don't win a war by air power. You need to send in ground troops. Well, that was the OLD definition of war. Here's the NEW definition of war: You kill the troublemakers while talking to the ones who will cooperate. When all the troublemakers are dead, the ones you were talking to step in to take their place. That gives you a smooth transition of power. No need for ground forces. The Houthis created hundreds of fortified fighting posts in Yemen, so those have to be reduced with ground troops. But the ground offensives are going slowly. More and more Houthis are deserting their fighting posts. Strategic commandos and air power. That's the NEW war-fighting paradigm..."
" I see the idiots are claiming that McMaster was fired. Let me explain something to lisping character assassins and formerly ethical bloggers who let fame go to their heads: McMaster is an active-duty general specializing in counter-terrorism. Why is he resigning? Because his job is DONE, you f*cking imbeciles. You pathetic losers who aren't fit to shine McMaster's boots. While all you JACKASSES upset everybody, McMaster defeated our enemies. There's no doubt. One of the ways Trump has prevented leaks is by doing things in an unorthodox way that fools jackasses. During his tenure as National Security Adviser, McMaster was the most powerful officer in the US Armed forces. Trump no longer NEEDS an active-duty general as his National Security Adviser. We can thank McMaster for doing things we'll never hear about. Trump has been fighting clandestine wars. SHOOTING wars. Those wars are over. My guess is that McMaster oversaw the destruction of the North Korean nuclear program, the defeat of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, the defeat of Russia, and regime in Iran. Bolton is all about invasions and overthrowing people we don't like. Therefore Trump chose him for DIFFERENT reasons. We don't NEED to invade or overthrow anymore. But bloggers can't be expected to understand the real world. The USS Jimmy Carter carried out two combat missions under McMaster. We launched multiple ground offensives in Yemen. And we explained the facts of live--and death--to Vladimir Putin. I've never heard such stupidity in my life when it comes to alleged Trump supporters talking about McMaster. You people are IDIOTS. But McMaster saved your bacon anyway, because he is a man of honor, and he saves people even if they don't deserve it. That makes him a better man than me. Thank you, General. I sure wish I had the security clearance to sit and listen to you run down your accomplishments... "
" You can't have single-payer health care and powerful armed forces. The cost is simply prohibitive. My guess is that Europe will end up with even WORSE health care and a horrible EU army that can't fight its way out of a paper bag. You need to spend about 4 percent of your GDP to have exceptional armed forces. Here's what European countries spend on defense. Obama took us WAY down. Look at Saudi Arabia. 9 percent of GDP. The Arab world as a whole is 6.2 percent of GDP. Europe is 1.5 percent of GDP."
" This is very important. The Saudi-led coalition has fought the Yemen war brilliantly. I've investigated the accusations of war crimes, famine, and mass outbreaks of disease. All are lies. The death toll in 2016. The death toll in 2017. The Houthis--Ansar Allah (""Supporters of God"")--provide all the statistics that the press obediently parrots. Not one f*cking reporter on earth knows anything about how the Coalition and the Yemeni Army are fighting. The reality is that Yemenis have been very highly trained. As more and more trained Yemenis became available, more coalition grounds troops went home. And I'm positive that the Saudis and Tareq Abdullah Saleh--commander of the Yemeni 3rd Republican Guard--pulled a fast one on the Houthis. Saleh initially fought WITH the Houthis. He ""switched sides"" on December 3, 2017. Saleh brought THOUSANDS of men with him to Aden in the south, where they were given high-tech weaponry and sent out to fight. General Saleh is in the center left. The reason that the Houthis are having their asses handed to them is that Saleh's men know EVERYTHING. Locations, defenses, commanders. Houthi commanders are being killed by the boatload. The Houthis were formed in 1994. They are the Shia Islamic State. Their goal is to take over the world. The Houthi flag. God is great Death to America Death to Israel Curse the Jews Victory to Islam The Houthis started multiple wars in Yemen since 1994. In 2009, Saudi Arabia was drawn in. ""Aiwa!"" = ""Get some!"" The Saudis knew that the Houthis would start another war. So my guess is that Tareq Abdullah Saleh fought WITH the Houthis for the express purpose of infiltrating them. When Saleh came over to the coalition side, there was no vetting period. He and his men were simply armed, and they went out to fight. They're using the most modern of weapons. One of the Salafist militias in Taiz is called Kataib Hasm. They cobbled together an armored vehicle using an American MRAP, the turret of a Russian armored personnel carrier, and sheet iron. It's for photo ops. The Saudis very cleverly refer to these Yemeni fighters as ""tribesmen."" More ""tribesmen."" It's amazing: If you CALL someone a ""tribal fighter,"" then the enemy looks down on him. These are COMMANDOS. They were trained for two years minimum. The goal for the Middle East is VERY ambitious: No more war. Ever. It's going to happen. We're seeing the last wars of the Middle East. Count on it..."
" You know what NOBODY has investigated? The theft ring in the US Postal Service New York International Service Center. EVERY military postcard collector knows about it. The postal workers steal postcards and sell them to bent collectors. Registered mail is a ""steal me"" sign taped to the envelope. The US Postal Service has two ways around this. They say registered mail can't be stolen, because it has to be signed for at every step. Since the mail can't be stolen, no thefts occur. See? And secondly, the COUNTRY OF ORIGIN has to investigate the loss. So the Germans have to send a postal inspector to New York to investigate the loss of one postcard. When I started losing cards, I filed complaints. The USPS sent me form letters saying, ""Your mail is lost."" I know. That's why I filed the complaint. So I tried calling. Nobody cares. ""Sir, I can't spend all day on the phone with you."" An airmail pilot who flew over the Rocky Mountains in an open-cockpit aircraft. One of the most dangerous jobs on earth. A hero. And now they protect their thieves. See, they flag your name. Sounds crazy, right? Well, California took me off the voters' rolls. I've voted in this state since 1992. Guess what happened in 2016? In place of my name was my brother's name. He lives in Sweden and has never voted in the US. I've never been able to re-register to vote in California. My provisional ballot wasn't counted, of course. But the state outsmarted itself. Since I'm no longer a registered voter, lots of things no longer apply to me. Morons. So at the USPS New York International Service Center, they flag your name and steal your postcards. What they do is cut open the envelope and call collectors, who then bid. The postal workers take photos of the cards and send them by e-mail. Sometimes they send along the empty envelope, which is dutifully signed for. Here's the sliced-open envelope I got. The postcard was gone. This is the one that hurts the most. Machine gunners of the German flamethrower regiment of World War One. That's the only known photo. What I finally had to do was find a German man who bought all my cards for me on commission. He has a foolproof way of making sure my cards arrive. We outwitted the morbidly obese thieves of the USPS. The Hope Diamond was sent by US mail, because it was the safest means of getting something of value from point A to point B. Not anymore. The reason I wrote this thread was because I just blocked a USPS employee who is STILL lying to defend his utterly corrupt profession. I'd forgotten our exchange until he brought it up to someone else. Back in those days, I didn't block people very often. I blocked THAT lying son of a bitch instantly. So if any Inspector General wants to REALLY make a difference, break up the theft ring in the New York International Service Center. Here's the address, in case you don't have it... John F. Kennedy Airport Mail Center US Postal Service John F. Kennedy International Airport Building 250 Jamaica, NY 11430-9998"
" OH THE TERROR! Here's the statement. Can't ANYBODY see what's happening? Is it actually IMPOSSIBLE for you to grasp what this is? I'm not actually going to say anything else. Time to break the cycle. Either you trust Trump or you don't. I can't spend any more time holding hands. It doesn't work, and it's actually a form of passive-aggressive abuse. ""What about THIS? What about THAT?"" Ask somebody else. The press is gloating. I've said a million times, ""What happens after the press gloats?"" While you're cowering, just remember this... ADDENDUM: "
" asks about Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. People who hate evangelical Christians will tell you astonishing lies about them. But here's what every evangelical will tell YOU: Humans don't make the decisions. The decisions are up to God. The prophecies about Jerusalem are all about what GOD will do. Not what HUMANKIND will do. Let's look at Zechariah 12. It's about what GOD will do, not what Trump will do. Same with Jeremiah 3:17. You can look up all Bible verses about Jerusalem. All the verses are about GOD'S actions. Any religious person will tell you that you can't shove God of of the driver's seat and take over. So the notion that evangelicals want to hasten this or that prophecy is dumb. That's not how their religions work. Not a single person accusing evangelicals of wanting to hasten the Second Coming are making the accusation in good faith. It's a political and cultural attack. Thus it has no merit..."
" Trump calling off the summit with Kim Jong-un. I'm surprised, but as Trump said, China was putting incredible pressure on Kim to not attend. Since TRUMP is the one who cancelled the summit, this removes leverage that the Chinese had. They didn't expect this to happen. I myself didn't expect this to happen, but as I always tell you, I can't PREDICT Trump. In the letter, Trump says that the cancellation is for the good of both Kim and Trump. That's a reference to the Chinese. Trump also uses North Korean rhetoric again, saying that he hopes we never have to use our nuclear weapons. At any rate, Trump has shown that he won't be pushed around, something that the Chinese have to accept. Don't be surprised if something totally unexpected happens, such as the summit going ahead, or a NEW summit convened somewhere else. We can't take any of this at face value. Trump doesn't operate that way. There's definitely something else happening, since the North Koreans shut down their testing site. At any rate, either you trust Trump or you don't. I trust him, so I'm not worried... ADDENDUM: The statement that made Trump cancel the summit. And as I told you above, Trump says the summit may STILL go ahead, OR they may put together an ad hoc summit. It's the first five minutes of this. So don't worry. Don't take anything at face value. As Trump said, ""We have to get it right."" I'm positive that we're working WITH the North Koreans. The problem is definitely China..."
" PERFECT. Never let suffering go unpoliticized. Hollywood is imploding, so a Huffpost writer tosses Trump into the mix. AND she says THIS statement is good. The guy was doing a bit. It's a parody of an apology. It's satire. Think about it: ""I'm deeply sorry I showed women my d*ck."" That's CLASSIC Louis C.K. He prides himself on his ""edginess."" He just trolled everybody, and this cretin from Huffpo thinks it's a good apology. Hollywood is DOOMED. Nothing will change. Just watch."
" asks a fair question. He's talking about the M134, which fires fifty rounds per second. Nighttime. Remember the cop killer in Dallas? On July 7–8, 2016, he killed five officers and wounded nine others. The police chief ordered that a bomb-disposal robot blow up the gunman with C4 plastic explosives. Bloody but not horrible images. The manufacturer of the bomb-disposal robot was OUTRAGED! So were ""civil libertarians."" The cops were supposed to just go in there en masse and hope that enough survived to talk the gunman into surrendering? During the Second Battle of Fallujah, there was a BBC report that said that the US Marines used the LAV-AD on snipers. Although I've never been able to confirm the report, I think it's true. These LAV-ADs are firing horizontally, and rounds are ricocheting off the target and flying into the air. Also, the BBC reporter--a woman--was OUTRAGED! It wasn't FAIR! They expended hundreds of rounds just to kill one man! So what? So why would the police need a minigun? To kill snipers, for one. If the Dallas Police Department had a minigun on a helicopter, they wouldn't have had to blow up the terrorist. How about Las Vegas? What if there was a helicopter that could do THIS to the terrorist in the hotel? Wouldn't that have been better for everyone concerned? Did you ever read about the massacre of kids on the island in Norway in 2011? It took the anti-terrorist unit an hour to get there. As has been talking about, the defeat of the Islamic State in the Middle East means that they're coming HERE. I never tell anyone how to think. This is MY opinion: Give the cops miniguns. Lay down incredibly strict rules of engagement. I'm 55 years old. For as long as I can remember, people have been warning me about black helicopters, FEMA concentration camps, and martial law. That's fine. People can continue warning me about those things for the next 55 years. In the meantime, give the cops miniguns. When the first mass-casualty attack is stopped before dozens of people are killed, due to the fact that the terrorist was turned into red glop, you'll remember this tweet thread... ADDENDUM: People are telling me that snipers can be killed with ""a single well-place shot."" Totally incorrect. In the Pacific in World War II, the US Marines were stopped in their tracks by Japanese bunkers and machine-gun nests. Private Willam H. Colby salvaged a machine gun from a dive bomber and converted it into a ground weapon. The men called it the ""Stinger."" The rate of fire was so high that the mass of bullets entering the slits of the concrete shelters ricocheted around and killed everybody inside. This is called ""volume of fire."" It was impossible to duplicate the volume of fire from a Stinger. You needed multiple weapons all aiming at the exact same spot. One man with a Stinger was able to knock out all the bunkers he came across, one after another. The fabled ""one carefully aimed shot"" doesn't exist when the enemy is protected by concrete. The Stinger filled the entire bunker with bullets. It was the VOLUME of fire that did it. Aim was ineffective. You needed a literal STORM of bullets, which the Stinger provided."
" Erdogan drops the mask. He threatens US troops in Manbij with an ""Ottoman slap,"" referring to the Ottoman Empire (1299 to 1922), the Turkish empire that went as far as central Europe. The Turks are in Afrin, and our troops are in Manbij. People ask me why our troops are in Manbij. To stop Turkey from allowing terrorists into Syria to be trained and then shipped out to attack western interests. The Israelis just revealed that Turkey is arming and funding Hamas. The Turks arm and fund al-Qaeda and the Islamic State. ""In a long interview, the ex-chief of Turkish counter-terrorism, Ahmet Sait Yayla, talks about the support offered personally to Daesh by Président Recep Tayyip Erdoğan."" ""Ahmet Sait Yayla left his country when repression was brought to bear on anyone who was not prepared to contribute to the policies of the AKP (the Justice and Development Party)."" My guess is that Erdogan will try to attack our troops in Manbij. They'll get slaughtered. Just like the Russians were. Of the 500 attackers, 200 were killed and 300 wounded. The Russians suffered 100 percent casualties. That may be a world record. Don't kid yourself. It wasn't NECESSARY to inflict 100 percent casualties to stop the attack. That was done to send a message. The Russian force was hit with AC-130 gunships, Apache helicopter gunships, fixed-wing fighter-bombers, armed drones, and heavy artillery. Erdogan has been supporting terrorists for years. Nothing has made him stop. I predict that he will attack Manbij, and his force will be wiped out to a man. THAT is a message he'll understand. But there's alternate scenario that will prevent this. As the Turks head to Manbij, they'll be picked off by invisible forces. The epic bloodbath MAY be avoided. But Erdogan has talked himself into a corner. The Turks long for these days. All these centuries later, Bulgarian pop music--for example--STILL shows a dominating Turkish influence. Bulgaria is an Orthodox Christian nation, but these notes, rhythms, and instrumentation here are totally Middle Eastern. The Turks aren't satisfied with the influence they already have, so they're trying to dominate by force of arms again. It will end in total disaster for them. If the US is willing to annihilate a Russian assault force, that means the Turks are already dead men walking. Yes, I study the military, but I prefer music. I wish the Turks would stop. Their own music is great. Listen to the deeply felt emotion in this. Make music, not war, Turks. You won't be allowed to impose your will on others by force again. It isn't right, so you WILL be stopped..."
" wrote a great thread highlighting the differences between Obama and . This allows me to talk about why I strongly support Saudi Arabia. I didn't wake up one day and say, ""Hey! I'm going to support the Saudis!"" Prior to June of 2015, I felt about Saudi Arabia the way I felt about Spain, for example. I like Spain, but we're different cultures. In June of 2015, I read about how 50 (fifty) Arab special operators held off about 40,000 enemy in Aden, Yemen, using unidentified, highly advanced weapons. When I began researching the Saudi military, I was blown away by how it was TOTALLY different from what I thought it was. Well, I was going to write a long thread, but now I've lost interest. Too many stupid, belligerent people on Twitter. You're not worth my efforts. Later..."
" Remember I said that Putin tested Trump? Well, it turns out that I was more right than I knew. Maxim Buga, a Cossack community leader in the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad, told Reuters Monday that local Vladimir Loginov was among 'dozens' of Russian fighters killed by U.S.-led coalition forces."" Well, this is Putin's fault. The American commander on the ground said that they called the Russians for THREE HOURS. Each time, they were told, ""Those aren't OUR men."" Do you remember hearing about Mexican army incursions into the American Southwest? They were riding shotgun for drug smugglers. The Gulf cartels. When our pathetically weak presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama spoke to the Mexicans, the Mexicans always said, ""Those aren't OUR men. They're just wearing army uniforms."" To me, the answer was SIMPLE: Blow the absolute hell out of the incursion, and if Mexico bitches, you say, ""But you told us those weren't your men!"" And that's what we did with the Russians. We blew the absolute hell out of them, killing 20 percent of the attacking force. The Russians said, ""Those aren't OUR men. WE can't tell them to stop."" So we sent in AC-130 gunships, Apache gunships, armed drones, and multirole fighters. After an hour, the Russians called, begging for a ceasefire. So now Putin knows that we will kill Russians. What can Putin do? NOTHING. His men are useless. When the Iranians took over the US embassy in Tehran in 1979, US Marines were ordered to LAY DOWN THEIR ARMS. The Iranians captured British Royal Navy sailors on June 21, 2004, and March 23, 2007. In both cases, the sailors were ordered to LAY DOWN THEIR ARMS. Why? To prevent an ""international incident."" Well, the incident HAD ALREADY HAPPENED, instigated by Iran. The Iranians tried that on Australian sailors, and the Australian commander announced that he would open fire after a countdown from 10. The Iranians skedaddled. They never tried to capture Australians again. Do you think Putin will test Trump again...?"
" Who called it? Not guys named Jack or Mike. Any attack on North Korea's MILITARY OBJECTS will involve massive electronic warfare. The communications systems will be hacked, and artillery pieces will be told to fire at the wrong targets. Units will be made to fire on each other. And most of the guns will be made unable to fire. So we won't see the destruction of North Korea. Only their offensive capabilities."
" ""Micro expressions"" are useful in determining what a person is really thinking. Two protesters were killed by “enemies of the revolution, Takfiri groups and foreign agents. No shots were fired by the police and security forces.” He's a a dead-eyed government spokes-hole for most of his statement. But he had this little spasm in the middle. Raised eyebrows, pained grimace, and hunched shoulders. He looks like he himself was just shot. He's lying. Badly..."
" Some of you have noticed that I've been defending Roy Moore against accusations that I think are false. I didn't know anything about the judge except for the Ten Commandments issue. The horrific piling on and the attempt to destroy him made me research him. His record convinced me that he's innocent. Forty years of making VERY powerful enemies, yet not even a hint of the things that were suddenly ""common knowledge."" It was the most blatant, transparent political hit job I've ever seen. The judge and I don't agree on social issues. I also didn't watch the judge speaking on the campaign trail because I wanted to be able to say that I made my decision about him based strictly on the merits of the accusations. So today I watched my first Roy Moore campaign rally. I already told you that I'm positive that he's innocent. Today I learned that I like him. A lot. I told you that I believe that Roy Moore is a thinker, which is why he retreated into solitude when he lost the battles he fought against what he says was the corrupt political and judicial system. In this rally, the judge says his campaign reminds him of a man named Oscar Davis. Oscar was extremely tall and thin, with a very long nose. His middle initial was ""D"", so that made him Oscar D. Davis. O. D. D. Therefore everyone called him ""Odd."" ""Here comes Odd!"" Oscar decided that when he died, he'd fix everybody: He'd just put his date of birth and date of death on his tombstone. Nothing else. So that's what he did. Only two dates on a blank tombstone. And now, when people look at his tombstone, they say, ""That's odd."" Roy Moore isn't the caricature presented. If a man born in Venezuela and raised in Europe can see it, everyone can. Be well, judge. You're going to win. ADDENDUM: Note Roy Moore's expression at the moment he discusses the worst accusations, that he preyed on teenagers of 14 to 16. Direct eye contact, sadness, but no shame or evasiveness. Keep in mind that he's seventy years old and has NEVER been required to speak publicly this way. He's speaking off the cuff. No notes or emphatic histrionics. A businesslike addressing of issues... ADDENDUM TWO: ""Things have happened [in this election] that have never happened in my live."" Again, direct eye contact, no weasel words, no ""I didn't mean to offend but I'm not guilty but I'm sorry anyway."" Just businesslike. He's adapted. Sadder but wiser. He supports Trump's agenda, and he doesn't in any way present himself as a guilty man trying desperately to shift blame. I'd vote for him in a second..."
" Okay. This tells you all you need to know about the FBI Special Agent who resigned to fight Trump. DO NOT READ UNLESS YOU HAVE A WASTEBASKET HANDY. To vomit into. ""'I wonder what her story is,' FBI Director James Comey said to no one in particular as our motorcade rolled through Lower Manhattan, past an elderly woman on a bench embracing a swaddled child. “'Everyone has a story and I bet her story is incredible.'” ""This was not an unusual musing from our now departed leader — a giant of a man with an even bigger heart, whose focus was always on trying to understand and improve the lives of others."" ""Like his predecessor, who faced and tackled challenges unique to his era, Comey took on growing problems within the organization in key areas such as leadership, agility and diversity."" THAT is key. Diversity. ""Hello? FBI? There's a terrorist burying an IED outside my house. SEND ONLY BLACK AND FEMALE AGENTS. Thank you."" Campbell calls Comey's style ""servant leadership."" Eerily similar to ""leading from behind."" OH MY GOD. ""Our agent population had become increasingly white and change was needed. As he would say, not only is focusing on diversity the right thing to do, it is also an issue of effectiveness."" Diversity has nothing whatsoever to do with effectiveness. Campbell is talking about affirmative action for federal law enforcement. WHAT COULD GO WRONG? This guy has a head full of mush. My guess is that he quit because he was told, ""Diversity isn't a main priority, sonny. Fighting terrorism is much of what we do."" Let's see a show of hands: How many of us want servant leadership? Me, I want a LEADER. I don't want a giant with a giant heart, musing about everyone's story and saying, ""Hey, our law-enforcement branch is too white."" In my 55 years, I've learned that the biggest snakes in the grass are the fake-humble. Now, I don't A THING about what really happened between Comey and Trump. I don't know if Comey is a ""servant leader,"" or if this is an invention of his mush-headed groupie Josh Campbell. But everything in Campbell's piece is a screaming red flag. The FBI Director is supposed to fight Hezbollah, not quip and muse about interesting hobos and say, ""Aw shucks, I sure do love the troops. Especially the non-white ones."" Did ANYONE in the Obama years take ANYTHING seriously? Mush-headed Josh is using his resignation as a political cudgel, as he fights against political cudgels. It's too stupid and childish for words. If you read the comments under Comey's tweets, you'll feel like you need to be hospitalized. These raging perma-infants are voters. They've personalized EVERYTHING. And now we see that the assistant to the former head of the FBI is a childish fan boy who ALSO personalizes everything. Just like the FBI's Peter Strzok. We need emergency retraining. Hating the president like he's your ex-husband is SICK. When you're in the FBI, it's sick and PATHETIC. Contemplate THIS: Strzok and Campbell were in counter-terrorism. Can people obsessed with diversity be effective in counter-terrorism? Might people obsessed with diversity feel a tad bit GUILTY about investigating those who they see as perennial victims? It's official: 2009 to 2017 was a DISASTER on every level. Can we please not do it ever again? EVER...?"
" More evidence that the Iranian mullahs are being ""reduced,"" as they call it in the military. ""The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which tracks the war through a network of activists, said the fatalities were not Syrian nationals but foreign fighters."" ""The Pentagon said it had 'no information' to substantiate reports the coalition was behind the latest airstrikes."" Yesterday, ANOTHER air base in Syria was attacked. On August 21, 2015, the Wall Street Journal published an interview with former Saudi National Security Adviser general Anwar Eshki. Eshki said that the Islamic state would ""eat up"" all the jihadist groups in Syria. I realize now that the SAUDIS ate up all the jihadist groups in Syria, and NOW they're rolling up Hezbollah and Iran. The attacks on Assad's allies are being carried out by ""unidentified ground forces."" Not Israel, and not the US. Who does that leave? We overthrew Saddam Hussein in 2003, and then we had an insurgency that killed 4000 Americans. When we left Iraq in 2011, the government was an Iranian puppet. In 2012, I saw a video that showed a Saudi Special Forces adviser with jihadists in Syria. Now, the Gulf Cooperation Council is demolishing Iran and Hezbollah's bases all over Syria. It took six years to reach this point, but the end result will be a free Syria. The Syrians will choose their own fate, the way the Iranians will. Both Assad and the mullahs are having their security forces removed. That means their days are numbered..."
" This is correct. We aren't being told much. That's frustrating for people like me, BUT I prefer it this way. I can't identify the munition used. It has no heat signature. However, it has an accuracy of 100 percent. The munition hit RIGHT IN THE CENTER of the cross hair. Also, they edited the video to remove something. These are two consecutive frames. I'm pretty sure that a bomb didn't do this. The munition(s) penetrated the roof and exploded inside the car. The car is still mostly intact. However, the guys IN the car are anything BUT intact..."
" HERE WE GO AGAIN. Another hoax. That's not Roy Moore's signature or his handwriting. However, the handwriting and the signature is the same as that in the yearbook. Look at the word ""I"". ONCE AGAIN, the person who has the alleged example of writing CAREFULLY PRINTED A NOTE UNDER THE INSCRIPTION. I've never in my life seen such a horrifying coordinated, sustained attack on an innocent person. Alabama, you MUST ELECT . These smears jobs are a threat to our democracy. You CANNOT allow fabricated accusations--TRANSPARENTLY FABRICATED ACCUSATIONS--determine who is allowed to run for office. ROY MOORE IS INNOCENT. The number of accusers doesn't matter WHEN THE EVIDENCE DOES NOT STAND UP TO SCRUTINY. This is neither the judge's signature NOR his handwriting. But NOW we have evidence of coordination. TWO of the accusers have the same signature and handwriting. Both accusers wrote little notes to themselves under the inscriptions. But neither the signature NOR the handwriting are those of Judge Moore. That's just reality. End of story. Nothing else matters. Alabamans, you are being ABUSED. This is unbelievable ABUSE. People are targeting you based on your bedrock beliefs. They are LYING about Roy Moore. I myself don't agree with his social positions, but he INNOCENT. WE--and I mean YOU, ME, and ROY MOORE--can't let these deeply evil people win. I researched Roy Moore all the way back to his childhood. There's literally no evidence that he every did ANYTHING improper. Look at the writing above. This is another hoax. Don't fall for it. By electing Roy Moore, you'll be blowing up everything that's rotten, ugly, dishonest, and truly sinful about politics. Roy Moore is INNOCENT. This is another hoax. There's no question whatsoever..."
" People ask why I spend most of my time studying the Middle East. I'll give you two reasons. One. The mayor had an affair with her police bodyguard. She claims that he took nude photos without her permission. It's infuriating! Reason number two. He's accused of blackmailing a woman HE had an affair with. It's going to take a while for American politics to change. I hate wasting my time. These people are all a waste of time. THIS is worth my time. It SOUNDS like a Russian 9M113 Konkurs antitank guided missile (ATGM), but it's a brand-new weapon. The warhead produced a white, vertical explosion that looks like a flash of electricity. It's something more advanced than a fuel-air-explosive (FAE). I've never seen a flash of energy like that. Also, it's a COLUMN of energy. Nothing like that has ever been filmed, but it's being used in combat. The Trump administration is an island of improvement in American politics. The rest of our politics is tawdry garbage. So I'll study the Middle East until our politicians make themselves worthy of my time... ADDENDUM: This video shows the incredible destructive power of the Kurdish ATGMs. They have fuel-air explosive warheads. Compare the fuel-air-explosive warhead to the unknown warhead. One warhead is used to obliterate, and the other is a precision weapon with a directed blast effect. Just these two videos are more valuable than thirty years' worth of data on American politicians..."
" asks a question. Well... THIS. ""One needs to understand that Hamas, which is finding it difficult to launch operations from the Gaza Strip, is in a very tough spot. It is therefore trying to organize attacks in Judea and Samaria, as well as opening new fronts, mostly in southern Lebanon."" ""Their attempts to establish a terror infrastructure in southern Lebanon and to threaten Israel from there are very worrisome."" Now why would Hamas find it difficult to launch operations from the Gaza Strip? Hamas had no problem doing so for 30 years. What changed? Infiltration by Arab commandos. From January of 2016 to October of 2017, SOMEBODY blew up 28 Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad attack tunnels. The locations of the attacks tunnels are a state secret. Only two or three Palestinians knew where they all were. Maybe even only one: Mohammd al-Deif, a blind quadruple amputee who's the commander of the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades. Al-Deif is allegedly finally crapping out due to the massive amounts of pain killers he takes. It's POSSIBLE that Marwan Issa and Yahya Sinwar know where all the tunnels are, but I don't think so. Here's what I think the plan is: Blow up all the attack tunnels and kill the Nokhba--the ""elite fighters"" who use the tunnels. This will force Hamas into Lebanon, which will cause the Lebanese to turn even further against Hezbollah. Therefore the Lebanese army and the Lebanese people will quietly support an ARAB operation to neutralize Hezbollah and Hamas. We're starting to apply pressure. Hezbollah is trained by Iran. So are the Houthis of Yemen. Both groups have identical defenses and offensive weaponry. The Saudis have intercepted 89 ballistic missiles fired at their cities and airports. These interceptors are different from the Iron Dome. They detonate the warhead of the ballistic missile. Hezbollah and Hamas together have over 170,000 missiles. No missile-defense system in the world could intercept that amount. So two things will be done: One, they'll use electronic warfare to prevent the missiles from being fired. Hezbollah uses launch platforms that require very complex fire-control systems, so electromagnetic pulses (EMPs) or other methods can be used. Second, thousands of strategic commandos will go into Lebanon. They'll infiltrate behind the Lebanese-Hamas lines and move southward while an armored force moves northward from Israel. The Yemenis and their allies are rolling up the Houthi defenses without any problem. Narrow mountain passes, minefields, rocket positions, bunkers--nothing is stopping the Yemenis. New technology is being used, but we don't know what. The Houthi commanders are being killed. ""The army gained full control over a number of mountains, highlands and strategic hills, established full control of Ktaf Al Baq’e and secured the link between the provinces of Jouf and Saada, which connects Yemen with Saudi Arabia."" What we're seeing is called the Second Revolution in Military Affairs (2RMA). Most ""experts"" deny that it's happening, but they'll come around. The Revolution in Military Affairs (RMA) is a theory that advanced technology gives you the winning advantage. The SECOND Revolution in Military Affairs combines advanced technology with the new type of soldier: the strategic commando. Military analysts warn that the RMA isn't foolproof, and that everything comes down to the soldier with the rifle. Well, the 2RMA isn't theoretical. It's REAL. While military think tanks in Russia, China, and west were stroking their beards and debating, the Israelis and their Arab allies made the 2RMA a reality. You can see it for yourself. Mosul was the most booby trapped city in human history. The terrorists built MASSIVE underground installations, they razed entire city blocks to create killing zones, and they held 300,000+ human shields. And it all failed. Thousands of terrorists surrendered. Did you ever read the book Black Hawk Down? The first helicopter was shot down, and Delta Force Sergeants Gary Gordon and Randy Shughart asked to be landed to protect the down aviators. They were refused multiple times before they were given permission. Both men died. The way our command structure works, someone would get ""blamed"" if the two men were allowed to try and save the aviators. So Gordon and Shughart were refused multiple times. In Yemen, the Houthis turned against former dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh, surrounded his house with hundreds of troops, and killed everybody inside. Then they burned the house to the ground. Five weeks later, Brigadier General Tariq Mohammed Saleh--the dictator's nephew--appeared alive and well, after the Houthis had ""confirmed"" his death. You know what happened? The general was rescued in the middle of a gigantic ambush. There was no time to ask anyone for permission. He was scooped up and taken to safety. All we know is that his rescuers fought their way out of the city, killing everyone at multiple checkpoints. THAT is the Second Revolution in Military Affairs. Technology and autonomous strategic commandos who can perform miracles on the battlefield because nobody is worried about blame. Hezbollah and Hamas have no idea what's coming... ADDENDUM: I wasn't clear: Brigadier General Tariq Mohammed Saleh was rescued from his uncle's house as it was under attack by hundreds of Houthis. The only answer is that commandos masqueraded as Houthis and saved the general while pretending to take part in the assault. The US military would never approve such a high-risk mission. But the 2RMA has created units that are virtually autonomous. They're trusted to know what to do on their own..."
" Reality versus manufactured pop culture. There was TV Show called ""All in the Family"" The patriarch was Archie Bunker, a ""typical conservative white male racist."" A recurring character was George Jefferson, who argued with Archie about politics, etc. George Jefferson was played by Sherman Hemsley, who died in 2012. The series ""The Jeffersons"" was like ""The Beverly Hillbillies."" In both shows, we saw people big-timing it after striking it rich. The lyrics to ""Movin' On Up,"" the theme song of The Jeffersons. The rodeo clown is living like a character from The Jeffersons. Same hostile, WEIRD big-timing. Well, I knew Sherman Hemsley slightly. He was NOTHING like George Jefferson. Hemsley was a bass guitarist. Do you know what his favorite music was? I mean, like, he was a total maniacal fan who knew everything about it? Progressive rock. He loved Gentle Giant, for example. Hemsley and I both thought that Ray Shulman was best bassist who ever lived. I like progressive rock. Hemsley LIVED FOR IT. He had albums and CDs of bands nobody knew. He was painfully shy. Playing the brash George Jefferson was incredibly hard for him. He had to go into a coma to do it. The only time he relaxed was when he was talking about progressive rock or playing it on his bass. And he had to hide it. Being a progressive-rock fanatic was...white. I think of Hemsely when I see Jeffersons-style big-timers acting like clowns and demanding respect. These same big-timers didn't give Sherman Hemsley any respect. They enslaved him. imagine if every single time you told ANYONE that you loved Gentle Giant, they said, ""What?! YOU? Come on!"" The manufactured pop culture is ugly and negative. ""Who dat boy? Who him is?"" From the FIRST rapper, Vachel Lindsay (1879-1931): A negro fairyland swung into view, A minstrel river Where dreams come true. The ebony palace soared on high ""The ebony palace soared on high."" A DEE-lux apartment in the sky! Isn't EVERYONE tired of this? Can we just let people be who they want to be? "
" Hubris and faithlessness. I knew Trump would win. As you can see, I even predicted the number of his electoral votes. Remember how cocky the Democrats were? Remember how faithless most of YOU were? Exactly a year later, THE ENTIRE DYNAMIC IS BEING REPEATED. All I can say is ""GOOD."" The Democrats won gubernatorial races in states that Trump DIDN'T win in 2016. So now the Democrats are all cocky again. And now the faithless Trump ""supporters"" are THIS again. In the dream I fall into the sleepless sea with a swell of panic and pain my veins are aching for the distant reef in the crush of emotional waves Well, guess what? all right, get a hold of yourself and don't fight it, it's over your head it's all right, the rumble in your ears it's all right to feel a little fear and don't fight it, it's over your head it's all right, you wake up in your bed It's over your head. I accept that now. No faith. Just sleepless nights. But don't worry: You'll wake up in your bed. Everything will be fine. I can't pull you out of your sleepless night. Nobody can. Not even Trump. So you can stay there. I loved the live version, by the way. Used to play it myself. Incredibly hard to synch up your thumb slaps and the delay. Just remember: The dynamic today is EXACTLY WHAT IT WAS before Trump was elected. That should tell you something as you toss and turn. Silhouettes like shivering ancient feelings They cover my foreign floors and walls Submarines are lurking in my foggy ceiling They keep me sleepless at night"
" I went to college with a guy whose father worked in the State Department. This guy was SO East Coast preppie it was stunning. Athlete, intellectual, ladies' man--everything. Just for fun, I looked him up on the Internet. ZERO footprint. Then I went back and looked at my yearbook. No picture. Actually, no PICTURES, because we went to the same school for four years. He missed the two dorm photos, and his name isn't anywhere in any yearbook. I have have one photo of him, but it's clear to me that he was already preparing for a clandestine future, so I would never publish it. I realize now that his party boy persona was exactly that: a persona. I always envied people who knew exactly what they wanted to do in life. This guy was easily one of the most affable people I ever met. His skill was making everyone think he was their special friend, and they'd pour their heart out to him..."
" Here's a perfect example of how President Trump will ALWAYS outwit his opponents. ""On March 6, 2017, President Donald J. Trump issued Executive Order 13780, Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States."" The EO requires Homeland Security and the Attorney General collect and make publicly available Information regarding the number of foreign nationals in the United States who have been charged with terrorism-related offenses while in the United States. The results? At least 549 individuals were convicted of international terrorism-related charges in U.S. federal courts between September 11, 2001, and December 31, 2016. Approximately 73 percent (402 of these 549 individuals) were foreign-born. So 254 were not U.S. citizens and 148 were foreign-born, naturalized U.S. citizens. Thus--completely under the radar screen--Trump PROVED that we have a problem with foreign-born terrorists in the US. While Democrats screeched about words, Trump undercut their arguments in a way that they can't refute. That's just ONE THING Trump has accomplished. I eagerly await the rest..."
" Let me show you how hard it is to be informed, which is why you shouldn't feel. Article. After Obama helped overthrow Gaddafi in Libya, the country was left with TWO governments: One in Tripoli, and one in Benghazi. Field Marshal Khalifa Haftar commands the Libyan National Army. The press insists on calling him a ""rogue strongman."" Haftar is launching an offensive against the city of Derna, which is held by an al-Qaeda affiliate. ALL the reporting IS CRAP. Time Magazine. ""American military hardware is being used to undermine official U.S. policy in Libya, TIME has learned, as the United Arab Emirates has deployed warplanes manufactured in the U.S. in Libya in violation of a United Nations arms embargo."" ""Officials in Haftar’s camp accuse Turkey and Qatar of arming Islamist-leaning militias."" Got that? The UAE is helping Khalifa Haftar, who says that Turkey and Qatar are arming Islamists. Now we go to Middle East Eye. ""Sometime between May and June 2016, the UAE deployed six Air Tractors and three Wing Loong drones at Al-Khadim air field."" ""The AT-802 Air Tractors were involved in 27 bombing missions."" This is the Air Tractor AT-802. It's an armored two-man aircraft that carries bombs, Hellfire missiles, and heavy machine guns. The AT-802 is converted from a crop duster. So in June of 2017, the UAE had AT-802s in Libya, supporting Khalifa Haftar. BUT WAIT! Remember: Hafter accused the Turks of supplying his enemies, right? Haftar's enemies release a photo of parts of a bomb dropped by the UAE. This is actually a TURKISH bomb made by Ucak Bombasi MKE. It had an American Paveway laser-guidance system on it. AND! The bombings began in May or June of 2017. Well, the UAE got rid of its AT-802s in 2015. The UAE uses the IOMAX Archangel, which is SIMILAR, but a different aircraft. So we don't know WHAT THE HELL is going on in Libya. We don't know who's flying the aircraft, who is providing the bombs, and who is supporting who. The only thing we know is that overthrowing Gaddafi created a giant disaster. THAT is why the Iranians must be the ones who topple the mullahs. Trump knows that. Trump also knows who is supporting whom in Libya. He's just not telling. I doubt even the CIA knows. Trump is the first American president who the Saudis offered their highest level of intelligence. See, TRUMP can handle all this. The Trump Organization has 550 companies. So when the Saudis brief Trump, it's like THIS. AND TRUMP CAN FOLLOW IT! He's sees all those moving parts as a galaxy, and he knows the name of each sun, planet, star, and moon. I'm not worried about Libya. The locals are cleaning up the mess. And we finally have a president who will not make any MORE messes... ADDENDUM: John Moschitta made a mistake in the FedEx commercial: 0:45. Dave it's a deal with Don, Dorf, and Dick. Dorf, it's a deal with Dave, Dick, and DAVE. Don, it's a DORF with Dick, Dave, and Doug. See how hard it is to keep track of everything...?"
" I think I got it. Guess who these guys are? Vietnamese. Guess who their closest friends are? The Gulf Cooperation Council. Guess who their closest MILITARY ally is? Israel. Vietnam and the Chinese fought a three-week war in 1979. The Chinese used scorched-earth tactics. Every year since 2010, Jordan hosts a military exercise called Eager Lion. In Eager Lion 2014, this ""Jordanian"" soldier was photographed. Does that guy look like an Arab to you? I was looking in all the wrong places. Do you think the Vietnamese might want to help free North Korea from China? I think they would. Imagine a few planeloads of Vietnamese troops trained as strategic commandos AND trained to pass as North Koreans. Oh, and one more element. South Korea has a base in the United Arab Emirates. The OFFICIAL story is that the South Korean Special Forces are training the UAE Presidential Guard. But what if it's the other way around? So there's no shortage of men who can pass as North Koreans. And they're all friends with the GCC and Israel. Vietnam needs to make changes. One way to encourage the leaders to change is for them to see firsthand what's happening in North Korea. Too bad Tom Clancy is no longer with us. He could've written a hell of a novel about all of this... ADDENDUM: I just remembered something. The doctor who treats my Meniere's disease is a Vietnamese former refugee. He saw me through the deaths of my parents. Stress makes Meniere's disease much worse. When my doctor's former business partner died, my doctor and his wife went to funeral. The former business partner was a Chinese immigrant. My doctor speaks fluent Mandarin. So my doctor and his wife were shown to the room where the funeral was held. Everyone was Asian. When the first person got up to speak, my doctor couldn't understand him. So my doctor went out to speak to the funeral-home staff. And they said, ""Oh, that's the wrong service! That man was Korean."" It was a Chinese funeral home. They assumed FROM HIS APPEARANCE that my Vietnamese doctor was Korean. So there you go..."
" This is a salient point. Someone asked, ""Would people who don't know each other all say the same thing?"" ABSOLUTELY. It happened to me. Who am I? NOBODY. But two journalists did a hit job on me. Why? I was debunking Palestinian propaganda, and a weak Republican named David Frum used my material. So two journalists destroyed my reputation WITHOUT CONSPIRING. Take a topic that means a lot to someone: Judge Roy Moore becoming a US Senator. Now take the people RABIDLY opposed to that. How hard is it to find them and quote them? Here's what they did to me: I said that this photo was staged. The REASONS I said that is because the allegedly dead father was never shown, and the the Crying Man has no concrete dust on him. So two journalists FIRST lied about what I said: They said I said the PHOTOGRAPHERS staged the photos. No. I never said that. HAMAS staged the photos. They also said that I said that the photos were DOCTORED. I never said that. I was very clear about my observations: No dead father, no concrete dust on the Crying Man. So a CLINICAL PSYCHOLOGIST named Michael Shaw LIED about me. In the name of politics, he violated his oath to do no harm, and he said I was hallucinating. The OTHER journalist is named Ali Gharib, a ""proud Iranian-American."" First he lied to me about where the article would appear. He said he wrote for the Nation Institute. My interview appeared on a Saudi-hating blog. Ali Gharib also zeroed in a photo I took. That cat appeared on my front porch. It looked and sounded EXACTLY like my late cat Syd the Second. Syd was a feral who walked up to me and sat in my lap. He looked and sounded exactly like Syd the First, the nicest cat who ever lived. When we let Syd the Second inside, he sauntered over to the sofa, hopped up, and took a nap. When the new Syd met my mother, he jumped up on her lap and took a nap. He was UTTERLY FERAL. He hated all humans--except for me, Tim, Mom, and our sister Carrie. Syd arrived August 22, 2010, and he died August 22, 2011. He had feline leukemia. So I took this photo. The cat's eyes are glowing IN THE DAYLIGHT, and he's turning to smoke. He was gone after I took the photo. What Ali Gharib and Michael Shaw did was portray me as insane for saying the cat's eyes are glowing. And everyone bought it, and hapless David Frum apologized to the New York effing Times. I bought ALL THE VIDEO that Palestinians took on the beach when the four little boys were killed. Every journalist there was COOPERATING with Hamas. The New York Times photographer knows exactly what happened. He was there, kissing Hamas ass. I have the video. American photographer Heidi Levine said Hamas didn't interfere or intimidate her when she was in Gaza. Here's Levine being threatened by a Hamas terrorist. She never published the photos she took of Ismail Bakr in the ambulance. I solved the murders of Ismail, Mohammed, Ahed, and Zakaria Bakr. The Israeli Military Police asked for and got all the information. Don't take things at face value. So again, who am I? Nobody. But they got together to do a hatchet job on ME. What do you think they did to try and stop someone with a NATIONAL profile? Like Roy Moore? It's one of the reasons I'm debunking the lies about Judge Moore. I've been where he is. So I'm a kindred spirit..."
" asks a question that she thinks will stump me. I live in Southern California. The government tells us that in the event of a large earthquake, we could be on our own for as long as 96 hours. Four days. My father was a man who did things impulsively and then stuck with them, regardless. So he bought a gasoline-powered generator that he would hook up to our three houses. ""When the power goes out, we'll be the only be on the street with our lights on!"" he said. This is the San Gabriel Valley, home to Puente 13, one of the oldest, most violent criminal gangs in the US. So I said to my father, ""What's going to happen when you fire up that earsplitting generator, and then the lights go on in our three houses? Every predator in the valley is going to descend on us."" My father said, ""I'll stand guard with a ball bat."" At seventy-six years old, with a heart condition, high blood pressure, and diabetes. So I bought a Ruger PC4, a .40-caliber semiautomatic police carbine. See, Donna, when the gangbangers descended on my hapless father, I didn't want a bolt-action rifle. Brutal reality overrode any fantasies I might have about ""civilian society."" You're a woman of years, Donna. Guess what happened in Los Angeles in 1992? And guess which stores were NOT looted? I used my carbine to PREPARE to protect my elderly parents. Nobody will ever convince me that there's something immoral about that. Think of it THIS way, Donna: I bought a carbine that fires pistol-caliber rounds so that the bullets wouldn't go right through the person and keep traveling. I also loaded the carbine with expanding rounds that make a hole the size of a grapefruit. The stopping power is unbelievable. One shot, one kill. THAT is responsible gun ownership... Aha! outs herself as another dishonest political activist. She wasn't asking about semiautomatics at all. I explained the role of semiautomatic weapons in ""civilian society,"" so she changed the subject to the AR-15. The reality is that nobody NEEDS fast food, cigarettes, high-powered sports cars, and tall ladders, all of which kill exponentially more people than AR-15s. The arbitrary focus on the AR-15 is PROOF that this gun-control push is not about saving lives. It's 100 percent political, which is why it's already failed..."
" How many people can see what I see? Here's a dead criminal. The video has no gore. He was a habitual drunk driver, and he wasn't allowed to own guns. When the cops tried to serve a search warrant for his gun, he went nuts and died with his foot on the gas. Good riddance, I say. Did you see the rear of this SUV? See the huge dent? So I looked and found what I knew I'd find. On the left is the cop upside down in the air. Those are his feet sticking up. He's on his head. He got knocked head over heels. Literally. This dent is from his head. The training took over. He was in a state of post-traumatic amnesia when he fired. That's why he couldn't answer the other cop. He didn't know what the hell had happened. THAT is how important training is. I think the average person has no idea how well trained our cops are. They do things over and over and over, until it becomes instinct. If I bashed you on the head, you'd grab your head and say, ""Ow! Why did you do that?"" This cop was hit in the head so hard that he did a backwards somersault and came up firing. His training is EXCEPTIONAL. This video PROVES that the issue isn't the weapon. THAT cop could've gone into Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School and taken out the mass murderer without a problem. He's so well trained that he was able to neutralize the threat without being conscious. One thing missing from the Möbius-strip debate on guns is REALITY. People who hate the NRA are basing their opinions on movies. They think that simply HAVING a gun makes you a one-man army. Ridiculous. On the OTHER side, we have all this weird-ass conspiracy theorizing, based on what's called ""fabulism."" A fabulist is a person who makes up crap about their own prowess. ""That was a belt-fed weapon, and I oughtta know! I fought a war!"" No. I never fought a war, but I can tell that the weapon is not what you're saying it is. And if I can tell, that means you're a phony. You're lying. The only way you can get knocked head over heels and come up firing is through exceptional training. This is a VERY good cop. A detective. Training and personal courage make the difference. The guns themselves are not the issue..."
" Did you ever see the movie ""Dr. Strangelove""? It's about nuclear war caused by General Jack D. Ripper. So the American president has to call the Russian premier and explain that the imminent nuclear attack is the work of one man. ""One of our generals, well... He went a little funny in the head. Just a little funny."" I sit in my house, cut off from the world because of PTSD, depression, anxiety, and homicidal rage. Humans are social animals, as you know. I often wonder what my life would've been like if things had been different. So what happened last night is that someone expressed a fear to me that I felt was unfounded. And I went a little funny in the head. I broad-brushed everyone who believes in Q, and that was wrong. I'm sorry I did that. But. If you read my stuff, you have to be prepared for me to occasionally go a little funny in the head. This isn't the life I wanted, and sometimes my anger gets the better of me. I'm able to control that anger 99 percent of the time. Now, I'm not saying that you should INDULGE that anger. My anger issues are MY problem, not yours. I'm explaining CONTEXT so that you can understand that when it happens, it's ME, not YOU. So there's no need to feel slighted. I was wrong to insult everyone who believes in Q. I'm sorry. If my anger gets the better of me again, just remember: Sometimes I go a little funny in the head... I need to remember this. "
" More circumstantial evidence that this is regime change. ""For the first time since the victory of the revolution in 1979, the protests have spread all around the country which is perhaps why it is more difficult for the regime to control or suppress the demonstrations as it brutally did in 2009."" ""Experts say that while the 2009 protests were mainly focused in capital city Tehran and a few other large cities, this time it has started and fast spreading in provinces and even remote towns."" Now, if you were trained in behind-the-lines military operations, you'd create as much havoc as possible, IN AS MANY PLACES AS POSSIBLE. ""Symbols of the Islamic Republic are also being targeted by the demonstrators."" ""During the 2009 unrest people were chanting 'Death to the dictator', which was an indirect reference to Khamenei."" ""But during the past five days, videos show people openly chanting 'Death to Khamenei' or 'People are begging, the leader is acting like God' or 'Seyyed Ali [Khamenei] don't fret, but it's time for you to leave'."" ""It has not been long since 2009, and many still remember when former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad called protestors 'dirt and dust' which led to a strong backlash against him and the regime."" ""He later apologised for his remarks. If protests continue in the coming days, Hassan Rouhani, might not find the chance to do the same."" All of this looks carefully planned to me. When you FIGHT insurgencies, that makes you an expert in STARTING insurgencies. If the Iranians have help, that help is coming from people who are the world's greatest experts on insurgencies..."
" Why did social media go insane with the FAKE story of a coup in Saudi Arabia? Because of THIS. Major General Tariq Abdullah Saleh is attacking the Houthis with much ferocity. And he's been given state-of-the-art weaponry. The general was allied with the Houthis until early December of 2017. It was clear that the alliance was falling apart, so the Houthis prepared an ambush. They took over all the houses that surrounded the general's house in Sanaa. Then the Houthis moved in troops and attacked from all directions. They destroyed the general's house and declared him dead. Five weeks later, he surfaced, very much alive. Commandos from the UAE Presidential Guard rescued the general IN THE MIDDLE OF THE AMBUSH. They took him from safe house to safe house until December 7, 2017. On December 7, 2017, the UAE commandos fought their way out Sanna, blasting through dozens of Houthi checkpoints and killing everybody in front of them. The Houthis--Iran's lackeys--are having their butts handed to them on the battlefield. That's why they're firing their ineffectual ballistic missiles at Saudi Arabia. Iran, the Houthis, Hezbollah, and Hamas are all about posturing. The Saudis and their allies don't reveal their capabilities. General Saleh is begun the 19th simultaneous ground offensive in Yemen. That many offensives is mind boggling. AND they're not using scorched-earth tactics. Iran uses social media. The Saudis and their allies use strategic commandos. Which side do you think will win...?"
" They just destroyed the Khomeini Foundation building in Ghadrijan. It APPEARS that 40mm grenades were used. And another. Hit-and-run attacks by small groups of people who destroy regime institutions and escape. Hmmmm..."
"لدينا دليل فيديو ""كوماندوز استراتيجي"". هذه الأسلحة ليست أمريكية. انهم غير معروفين تماما. سلاح حركي يستخدم السرعة. بلا متفجرات. جهاز غير معروف. مربعات سوداء تطير. جهاز غير معروف. مربعات سوداء تطير. أجهزة غير معروفة توجه الصواريخ. هذه الأجهزة خلق دقة مثالية. ليس امريكي. صاروخ جديد يدمر الدبابة تماما. ليس سلاح أمريكي. صاروخ جديد بثلاث تكنولوجيات مختلفة. هوائي الراديو وأي أجنحة. نظام توجيه جديد. الوقود الحربي المتفجر وشوائب الرؤوس الحربية. موجات الصدمة وشظايا الصلب الحادة. قطعت الثقوب الجدران الخرسانية. لا شيء من هذه الأسلحة الأمريكية. تجاهل الشعارات على أشرطة الفيديو. هذا خداع عسكري. مرة اخرى. كوماندوز في سيارة بيضاء توقف شاحنة مفخخة مع جهاز إلكتروني غير معروف. "
" --a classic British imbecile--shows us why we Americans got the hell out of Britain. Part one. Part Two. When you LIE, it means you know your position is indefensible. Americans aren't armed against their neighbours. It isn't the 11th century, so drop the stupid ""u"" from neighbor. I mean, WE KNOW YOU WERE ONCE FRENCH, but the Battle of Hastings is OVER. What use are assault rifles against tanks and planes? A better question is, how many Americans buy semiautomatic rifles to use against tanks and aircraft? Zero. So why did you ask such a stupid question? The 18th century isn't coming back? You just mentioned tanks and aircraft. Did they have tanks and aircraft in the 18th century? You covered multiple centuries in just three sentences, and everything you said would be considered STUPID in ANY century. A bucketload of kids? That isn't even ONE kid. Unless you're talking about gigantic buckets or VERY small children. Again: STUPID. Americans owning guns is as bad as North Korean death camps? We can easily test THAT claim: So, my British imbecile: Would you rather that Americans own guns, or would you rather experience a North Korean death camp? See where childish, crazy overstatement gets you? Let's talk about how civilized you are in the UK. You have TV POLICE. They come into your house to search for TVs, because the government makes people BUY A LICENSE to watch TV and use a computer. In the UK, it's ILLEGAL TO SAY CERTAIN WORDS. They put you in prison. AND they urge people to TURN IN OTHERS for using certain words. The British police PATROL SOCIAL MEDIA and go to people's HOUSES to tell them to stop USING CERTAIN WORDS. In the UK, the government TELLS PEOPLE WHAT TO SHOUT when they're being attacked. You must shout, ""CALL THE POLICE!"" You are not allowed to ask bystanders for help. See this cartoon? THIS ACTUALLY HAPPENED IN THE UK! There was a terrorist attack, and fat, unarmed, worthless cops came into a pub and told everyone to lie on the floor. One man was upset that he was about to be murdered, so he shouted an insult. The man filming--LYING ON THE FLOOR, WAITING TO DIE--actually said, ""They're not real Muslims! They are radicals who are only USING Islam."" And guess what happened? That man was CONGRATULATED for straightening out that terrible racist who said such a terrible, terrible thing. You guys have LOST YOUR MARBLES. For one thing, the Gulf Cooperation Council now has strategic commandos who can mop the earth with ALL OF US. They don't need your kindness and swaddling. Here are Iraqi commandos trained by the GCC. You know what they'd do if I told them I hate Islam? THEY'D LAUGH AT ME. They'd say, ""Whatever! Have a nice day!"" Who did the Middle East welcome with open arms? DONALD TRUMP! Why? Because we--AMERICANS--have changed how we do business with the world. We're all in this together. No British leader has EVER done that. You guys pay lip service to ideals that you don't even believe. WE--Americans--believe. And that's what sets us apart from YOU. So Godspeed, piss off, and fix your own crappy country for once..."
" Another important tweet from . Multiple sources say that the Iranians, Syrians, and Hezbollah fled their positions BEFORE the strikes. also says that 16 Quds Force members are missing, presumed dead. My guess is that all these Syrians, Iranians and Lebanese were either captured or killed by commandos of the Gulf Cooperation Council. We have videos that show that GCC commandos operate closer to air strikes than any other armed force in history. The military term for ""friendly fire"" is ""fratricide."" Here's a video of British soldiers mistaken for the enemy and accidentally strafed by an American A-10. There were no casualties. This is how close the rounds hit. This is a video of GCC commandos using a strafing run by an A-10 as cover. That is a rocket being fired. You can see the smoke from the strafing run RIGHT IN FRONT of the commandos. Here's another video of commandos attacking only seconds after the strike. Three strikes. The commandos hit SIX SECONDS after the third strike. An air strike just took place, The smoke is still rising. A seven-man fire team attacks less than a minute later. After the soldiers dismount, the armored personnel carrier backs up to provide covering fire with a heavy machine gun. One of the reasons that GCC commandos are so successful is that they infiltrate as close to the target as possible and then hit before the smoke from the air strike has blown away. No other armed forces carry out such risky operations. My guess is that the pilots have incredibly advanced technology that prevents fratricide..."
" What happens when you're a fanatic? You overreach and destroy yourself. THIS has destroyed gun-control fanatics. The gun-control fanatics are--believe it or not--DEFENDING the deputies. WHY? The narrative is that semiautomatic rifles make a person invincible, so OF COURSE cops can't be expected to confront a person armed with Satan's Lightning. They're saying it in plain language. THIS is the moment that gun-control fanatics lost the argument. This moment would've come SOONER if we hadn't had that STUPID, POINTLESS ""town-hall meeting"" that changed the subject AGAIN to guns. We will have other mass shootings. So: ATTENTION FAMOUS GUN OWNERS. After the next mass shooting, DO NOT GO ON TV AND DEFEND THE SECOND AMENDMENT. All you're doing is reading from the script that anti-gun fanatics wrote for you. We now have anti-gun fanatics DEFENDING the police allowing students to die. The argument is that semiautomatic rifles make 19-year-old basket cases into Jason Bourne crossed with James Bond. LET THEM MAKE THAT ARGUMENT. When people are spouting total madness, DO NOT STEP IN and save them from themselves. I know how all you people feel: You're afraid to criticize. Well, then DON'T SAY ANYTHING. If you're going to go on TV and participate in debates, you need to be EFFECTIVE. That means you have to tell the truth and let the cards fall where they may. Allowing anti-gun fanatics to control the debate is COUNTERPRODUCTIVE. You're letting them off the hook. You're saving them from themselves. So either have the GUTS to tell the truth, or don't say anything. Enough with the ritualized domestic disputes..."
" So we have THIS. And then we have THIS. Now, I don't KNOW the Flynns. So whenever I talk about the general, it's just stuff from my own head. But. This looks to me like a man getting his life back in order. I always said that the general would never do anything to harm his family or the country. Remember Judge Rudolph Contreras? He sits on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC). Contreras accepted General Flynn's guilty plea on PROCESS violations. In other words, ALL OTHER ACCUSATIONS had no merit. Then Contreras WAS RECUSED from the Flynn case. He did NOT recuse himself. And then Robert Mueller asked that the general's sentencing be put off until May, at which time Mueller may ask that it be put off again. The FISC issues FISA warrants. It was clear to me that the Obama administration abused FISA warrants by using them to spy on political opponents. Peter Strzok interviewed General Flynn. Mueller removed Strzok from the Russia investigation. Now we find that Strzok and his girlfriend are PALS of Rudolph Contreras. Lisa Page: ""“Rudy is on the FISC! Did you know that? Just appointed two months ago.” Strzok: ""I did. I need to get together with him. Said he’d gotten on a month or two ago at a graduation party we were both at.” This STINKS. But. It's all coming out. That's not by accident. It's also not an accident that the Trump White House is actually leakproof. You didn't hear anything about Rex Tillerson, did you? You didn't hear anything about the USS Jimmy Carter completing a mission, did you? At the end of 2017, the Pentagon revealed that we'd carried out MULTIPLE ground operations in Yemen. AND the Russians were tricked into attacking us in Syria. The entire unit was wiped out, almost to a man. thinks BIG. So does General Flynn. We'll never know the details, but you can bet that General Flynn is responsible for cleaning out the rot AND protecting the Trump administration from those who put self before family and country. So I think that the general is going to be okay. He's paying a massive price, BUT he did so willingly. Thank you, General. The best spook of all time... "
" Here's how NOT to think about Iran: ""If there ends up being a regime change in Iran, it's imperative that the U.S. supports the right people to take over the country from there."" Number one, it's entirely up to the Iranians how their country will be. If they go FURTHER away from us, we'll deal with it. And number two, does anybody on the planet honestly think these are HARDLINERS marching for MORE OPPRESSION? They're chanting, ""No to reformists, no to hardliners. This is the end of the game."" How about for ONCE in country's history, we ALL say, ""Damn the torpedoes! Full steam ahead!"" Let's throw caution to the wind and BELIEVE. If we're wrong, WE'RE WRONG. Big deal. But I TRUST the Iranians. They're taking a giant risk, so I believe them. Too many ""experts"" want to pee in your Cheerios. ""Let's hold on, now! We gotta think this through."" NO. Let's support the Iranians and SEE WHAT HAPPENS. Come on, you sons of bitches. Do you want to live forever? Extreme situations require extreme solutions. Let's agree to regime change, and then let's BUTT OUT and let the Iranians choose their own path. If they pull off regime change, that means they want IMPROVEMENT, not WORSE LIVES. So there's no need to sound the caution bell at this point..."
" WELL NOW. Thanks to , I see that my favorite Crown Prince has gone MUCH FURTHER than I thought. ""A second dispatch from Al Arabiya includes the crown prince's invitation to Copts to visit Saudi Arabia. Egypt's Coptic population is under siege by murderous Islamists, so the signal that they are to be treated as guests is vital."" ""Speaking to Egyptian media after the visit the head of the Egyptian church, Pope Tawadros II said: 'In the name of the Coptic Orthodox church we welcome Prince Mohammed's visit to his second country Egypt.'"" ""Simply stated, MbS is seeking to defang Muslim extremists who seek to destroy Christianity in Arab- and Muslim-majority countries."" ""[NEOM] is planned to be a free city or open city, where Saudis can live a fully modern 21st-century life, freed of religious regulations that will be gradually relaxed elsewhere in the kingdom."" ""In addition, nationals from Jordan, Egypt, and Israel can enter and work there in planned high-technology investments."" You read that right. Israelis can live in NEOM. The only thing missing from the piece is the recognition that the Saudis aren't trying to persuade anyone. MbS's visit and invitation to the Copts means that they're now under the protection of Saudi Arabia. People who mess with the Copts are going to die. The Saudis keep almost all of their military capabilities secret. We don't even know the full capabilities of their conventional forces. The Saudi Border Guards have fixed-wing gunships. Not only that, the gunships have twin automatic cannons. These are two simultaneous impacts. There's literally no way to determine the aircraft firing those cannons. Saudi Arabia is leakproof. I tried for three years to figure out what those aircraft are. Every theory I had ran into a brick wall. Somehow the Saudis acquired and use fixed-wing turboprop gunships without anyone outside of Saudi Arabia knowing what the hell they are. MbS is a reformer, BUT. It's clear that he HATES abuse and savagery. We're now at the point where those who insist on causing trouble get dead REALLY fast. The era of warnings is over. Now, it's ""Clean up your act or die."" The fact that Saudi Arabia is inviting Israelis to leave in NEOM means that the Saudis are VASTLY more powerful than they appear. You what's really amazing? The Saudis won't tell us when MbS was born. One account has him born in 1989. That would mean he's 29 years old. They're concealing his age because he's much younger than we thought. What an amazing man. What an amazing PEOPLE..."
" Leftist ghoul admits that he started attacking president Trump after 91 minutes. THEN... Skolnik claims that he tweeted on Friday night. As you can see, Skolnik tweeted today. And in fact the Pentagon announced the casualty today. Ghouls and deranged liars have doomed the Democratic party. Good."
" asks why this video looks so fake. Video has a frame rate. What we're seeing is a series of still photos that are played rapidly, one after another. The ""stroboscopic effect"" or ""wagon-wheel effect"" shows us that video still has frames. See how it looks like the cannon rounds are going backwards into the guns? It's because the cannons' rate of fire is faster than the video frame rate. The video is capturing the tracers in such a way that that they appear to be moving backwards. The reason that computer-generated imagery (CGI) looks fake is that the objects move too smoothly. There's no gap between frames. THIS looks like CGI. The jet is moving too smoothly. The REASON is called ""interlaced video."" ""A technique for doubling the perceived frame rate of a video display without consuming extra bandwidth."" It gets very technical. All you need to know is that interlaced video requires a display that's designed specifically for that medium. If your display is not designed for ""deinterlacing,"" you get a visual distortion called ""combing."" And that's exactly what happened here. Combing. When you watch fast video with combing, it makes the movement too smooth. Therefore it looks like CGI. And therefore it looks fake... ADDENDUM: Since answering a question rationally has started ANOTHER conspiracy theory, I'm signing off of Twitter for a while. Thank the conspiracy theorists..."
" Hey! Guess who's having their asses kicked? Lots o' people. We start with the Houthis. ""The Yemeni forces are penetrating the front defence lines of the Iran-allied Al Houthi militias and defeating their elements in the qualitative and sudden operations that confused their ranks and degraded their military capabilities."" The goal is Hodaidah. ""The Yemeni Resistance Forces have advanced more than 20 kilometres in the direction of the Tahita District and have succeeded in clinching important strategic positions, including Al-Hima Military Port..."" ""Progressing towards the north and clearing Al-Faza area after the UAE Armed Forces carried out an amphibious operation."" Another amphibious landing. Here's al-Hima. The Yemenis are advancing here. Multiple Houthi commanders were killed on the same day. ""The last eight of them were the leaders of the Qataba, Al-Jarrahi, Hayes and Hamli battlefronts, which coincided with their successive defeats on the ground."" But wait! Another ass-kicking. That took place here. And the final ass-kicking. That was here. What the GCC did was break out from Aden on August 4, 2015. Armored columns disappeared into the the heart of Yemen. As the armor broke out of Aden, tens of thousands of troops came out of Saudi Arabia and raced to Marib. Then the Saudi-led Coalition spent two years preparing the battlefield. In late 2017, the first of the current 20 ground offensives began. Between August of 2015 and December of 2017, the Saudis trained tens of thousands of Yemenis. The press calls these men ""tribal fighters."" More tribal fighters. They're actually strategic commandos, but that doesn't fit in with the narrative. As we speak, the Houthis, Hezbollah, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, al-Qaeda, and the Islamic State are all having their asses kicked in Yemen, Syria, and Iraq. The ass-kickers are Arab, African, Asian, and Central Asian strategic commandos. The Saudis tricked everybody again. They called it the ""Islamic Military Counter Terrorism Coalition,"" but it includes countries like Benin, which is majority Christian. As I say a lot, every day brings me good news. is coming closer and closer, but WITHOUT WAR. I have no doubt that members of the Iranians government, armed forces, and security forces are cooperating with the rest of the region. After the mullahs are gone, the old labels--Arab, Persian, Kurd, Turk, Muslim, Christian, Sunni, Shia--won't matter anymore. People will of course BE who they are, but they won't fight about it anymore. These amazing ground offensives are the proof that I'm right. You can't carry out so many ground operations unless you cooperate. The cooperation will continue after the wars are over..."
" Okay. Let's watch a video that APPEARS to show one thing but actually shows another. It's relevant to the US on this day, February 2, 2018. The kid was throwing rocks, so the soldiers detained him. He's weeping copiously for the camera. They barely touched him, but he's pretending his neck is broken. The kid's MOTHER tells other kids to butt out. A young Palestinian man covers the rock-thrower's mouth FINALLY. The young man says the boy is ""meshugana""--Hebrew for ""crazy."" He's a nice man. He doesn't hate. The young man shoos everybody away. Nobody goes to jail. When all is theater, be the kid on the left. One of the most destructive forces on Earth is...journalism. Don't let journalism make you crazy..."
" The Frankenbass! My half-brother and I made that when he was in high school. It was a Fender Precision '83--the heaviest bass I've ever owned. I had a Jazz Bass pickup added, and a Badass brass bridge. Then my brother and I stripped off the finish and gave it a Sting Ray-style humbucking pickup. We decided to give it a clear pick guard so you could see all the electronics. Sounds GREAT. Two more basses. Also had an Aria Pro II, a Steinberger copy, a Fender Music Master, and a Hohner bass that I threw off a roof while plugged in. The Hohner had a broken truss rod, so the string action was almost an inch. When it hit the parking lot, it exploded. It played every musical note in existence as it blew up..."
" Here are other photos. In the closeup, you can see the very edge of one piece of concrete wall. It's to the left of the ""g"" in ""getty"". I think they dug down and removed the roof first. The reason they didn't just hop in? The concrete is shattered and barely holding together. They had to dig it all out. These tunnels are collapsed with explosive vapors. I saw the funeral of a Hamas Nokhba tunnel fighter. They put cotton in his ears, mouth, nose, and eye sockets. That was to keep everything from spilling out. His head was crushed. There are multiple patents for devices that control the blast waves of fuel-air explosives (FAE). You can detonate a cloud from the outside in. I had a whole bunch on YouTube, but they kept giving me community strikes for them. I might be able to find you one. Hold on... No, it's several months old. If I repost it, YouTube will come after me again. We need to wait until leftists have surrendered..."
" Norway in the late 1970s had professional alcoholics. If you registered as a hopeless drunk, you got a house and an allowance. These guys would sit in the downtown square all day, panhandling. They had all the money they needed, but they STILL panhandled. I was walking with Tim past the drunks, and one of them jumped up and staggered over. Tim was telling about something. The drunk said in English, ""Can you give me--"" And Tim screamed ""NO!"" in his face. That was the loudest sound I've ever heard a human make. The guy covered his ears and ran anyway. Just thinking about it now is making me laugh hysterically again. The secret is, Tim and I can out-crazy ANY crazy person. Boy, can we ever...!"
" Okay. I'm going to dissect ONE battle in Syria that will show you the unprecedented complexity and strategic deception involved. Idlib. January 11, 2018: ""Idlib seen at the end of a day of fierce battles."" This is regime and rebel footage. Now, go back to December 18, 2017. ""As President Bashar Assad seeks to reassert his authority in Idlib, the only remaining province in Syria where his forces have almost no presence, he may be aided there by deep fractures within al-Qaida, the militant group that dominates the region."" The only jihadist commander who has survived since the beginning of the Syrian Civil War in 2011 is al-Qaeda's Abu Mohammad al-Julani. He's the only jihadist emir I've ever seen who doesn't LOOK like a jihadist. Al-Julani's have done something no other branch of al-Qaeda has done: They've given interviews to the Russians in which they claim that the US is helping them. This is strategic deception. We aren't helping al-Qaeda. But this allows the plan to unfold. So Assad is said to have begun a major ground offensive into Idlib on December 10, 2017. At the same time, al-Qaeda attacked the Islamic State. With Russian air support, Assad was said to be making rapid progress toward territory held by Turkish-backed rebels. Assad's forces are said to be violating ""deconfliction zones"" that Assad, Russia, Turkey, and Iran agreed to set up. The on January 3, 2018, the Russians suffered massive losses in multiple attacks on their air base at Khmeimim. The Russians lied about how many aircraft were lost--at least seven fixed-wing aircraft and one helicopter gunship--and they put out a fake video that shows them bombing the people who launched the attacks. Turkey called on Russia and Iran to pressure Assad to stop the Idlib offensive. The Turks support Arab and Turkmen rebels north of Idlib. So today, THIS happened. The Syrians don't have Russian air support anymore, so AL-QAEDA led the counterattack. How much of this is true? Let's go back to the Step News video. These are prisoners identified as ""Assad's gangs."" I can't identify the rebel logo. Tried all morning, and then gave up. On the left, a man with TWO rifles intercepts an ""angry"" rebel. Someone fires in the air, and all the prisoners lie down. Suddenly the ""angry"" man is KNEELING as he interrogates them. He's not standing over them; he got down to THEIR level. Now, here's a video of Faylaq al-Sham unloaded prisoners from ""Assad's gangs."" The vehicle was provided by Turkey. Hey look! There's our ""good cop"" again (right). Different rebel group, same man. HUH?! A masked man leans down and seems to reassure one of the prisoners. Now we have a video from Jaysh al-Nasr, showing prisoners from Assad's gangs. They're the same men as in the video from Faylaq al-Sham. Now a video from the Free Idlib Army, showing prisoners of Assad's gangs. Yet again, the same men. So, we have ""rebels"" who belong to multiple groups. Prisoners are being claimed by multiple groups. And there are no reports of prisoners being killed. A year ago, the fear was that Turkey and the Kurds would have a full-out war in Northern Syria. It didn't happen. The Turkish-backed groups stopped committing war crimes, and it APPEARS that they have professional soldiers attached to them, almost certainly against their will. All of this is happening so that when the fighting finally stops, everyone will have ""street cred"" at peace talks and during elections. I stand by my theory that all jihadist groups in Syria were defeated, and the men you see now are stand-ins. Professionals are guiding everybody, sometimes by killing them. War crimes are not allowed. So I'm optimistic for the future of Syria. The goal is to avoid postwar problems. THIS is how you do it... ADDENDUM: I forgot to explain HOW it helps for al-Qaeda to claim that we're helping them: It eliminates the idea that Syria will be an American vassal state. You can see how upsetting our own politics are. Imagine how upsetting politics are to the average Syrian. What's happening is that Syrians--who STARTED THEIR UPRISING ON THEIR OWN--are being helped to support the post-Assad government. American-supported jihadists in Syria. That's as bad as you can get. AFTER Assad, the Middle East needs a long period where WE aren't talking to them every second of every day. So part of the strategic deception is for ""al-Qaeda"" to say that the US is supporting them. All WE have to do is deny it and move on. It's not an accusation with legs. But RIGHT NOW, it helps Syrian gravitate back to the government, which is necessary for the post-Assad future..."
" In which I exercise my right to be a cranky old bastard. The world is changing shape under out feet. Nobody is allowed to be THIS STUPID ANYMORE. This guy says that the Saudi Grand Mufti's fatwa against killing Jews in not real. How does he know? Because he rejects reality and replaces it with his own. It's all over the Arabic-language press. The reason the American press is not reporting on it is that American journalists are morons. Translations from the above article. STOP YOUR OLD-SCHOOL BITCHERY. I don't want to hear it. I'll block you. I've been waiting for this my whole life. People who are TOO STUPID to appreciate it will be blocked. We're living in one likely the most miraculous societal and religious change in human history. ALL SENTIENT HUMANS need to support Arabs for taking this massive leap into uncharted waters. WE HAVE NEVER DONE ANYTHING SO BALLSY. So keep your complaints to yourself. I WILL block you for spewing moronism at me..."
" Time for another ""This is my hobby"" thread. I tweet for fun, as I wait for my new house in Las Vegas to be finished. That's it. Secondarily, I debunk lies. I'm not looking for followers, fights, arguments, debates, agreement, articulate announcements. What YOU can do is not personalize this. If I say something, it's just talk. It means nothing. Lots of people feel the need to insult me. That's fine. But then why do bitch when I block you? I get tagged into conversations that last for days. Some poor asshole is moaning about how I blocked him or her. I sure did! A hobby is meant to be enjoyable. If you try to make my hobby less enjoyable, I'll block you. With no hard feelings. ""Well, that shows you're not capable of hearing dissenting opinions."" No. It shows that I'm not INTERESTED in hearing dissenting opinions. If I say, ""I think Kim Jong-un is actually the Trump of East Asia,"" most people will say, ""I don't agree."" I'm not going to DEBATE you. You can take or leave my opinion. Do you know how frigging hard it is to find the information I find and then put it in a thread that you can read in under three minutes? THAT is enough. I'm not here to be cross examined. I always provide sources so that you can make up your own mind. WRITE YOUR OWN THREAD. Tell everyone you think I'm full of crap. I don't care. But I'm not going spend even a second defending my theories. If you tag me into a conversation about how much contempt you have for me, I'm going to block you and everyone who agrees with you. Because this is my hobby. It's not supposed to be unpleasant. If I have to set a world record for blocking, I will. People think that everything has to be debated. Okay, YOU debate it. But don't drag me along. One of the reasons I don't debate is that the people taking issue with me NEVER HAVE ANY FACTUAL KNOWLEDGE. Here's my favorite example of why I don't debate. There's an Austrian ""expert"" on World War One assault troops. I bought his book and found it riddled with errors. In World War One, the Austrian flamethrower battalion was called the ""K.u.K. Spezial-Sturm-Baon,"" or ""Imperial and Royal Special Assault Battalion."" This guy said a lot of stuff about it that I found impossible to believe. So I was talking about ti on a forum, and the hordes descended. ""Who are YOU to question him?!"" Nobody, except that the records he cites don't actually exist. ""You better be able to back up that charge!"" How? I wrote to the Austrian government, and they said they don't have such records. Besides, the guy said that the flamethrower battalion was called ""Spezial-Sturm-Baon Nr. 61,"" which is wrong, and he said that it had no Close Combat Weapons Company (Nahkampfsmittel Komp). It was impossible to discuss this, because everyone had personalized it. I stopped going to those forums. Then I found a postcard. That is Sappeur Sandor Póczi, K.u.K. Spezial-Sturm-Baon, Nakampfsmittel Komp. The Austrian ""expert"" made up everything in his book. But I'm not going to go back to those forums and say, ""See? I was right."" THOSE guys are missing out on reality. So I'm not going to waste my time trying to convince anyone of anything. Agree or disagree; it's all the same to me. But I'll tell you something: I'm almost always right..."
" Madness. Caroline Glick is hallucinating. ""McMaster hired Mustafa Javed Ali as the NSC's Senior Director for counter-terrorism."" The NSC has no Directorate for Counter-Terrorism. There is no Mustafa Javed Ali on the White House staff. ""As I and others have reported, McMaster belittles Israel's concerns about Iran and its takeover of Syria."" Exactly the opposite is true. ""The report, published by Reuters and linked below outlines the Iran strategy that McMaster, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson..."" ""And Defense Secretary James Mattis have put together and hope to convince Trump to accept."" ""The reported strategy involves the US allowing Iran and its Shiite proxies to have free reign in Syria and Iraq..."" ""In order not to distract US forces from the campaign against ISIS."" A total lie. ""The plan does not include an escalation of U.S. military activity in Syria and Iraq."" Why not? Because WE AREN'T NEEDED. This is NOT an American vehicle in Syria. We don't have Strykers with exposed TOW launchers. That's an ASSAULT vehicle. The TOW gunner's position is exposed because dozens of machine guns will be firing. This is the barrel of an air-cooled .50-caliber machine gun. My guess is that it's a GAU-21, which would be in line with the Arab doctrine of massive firepower. Why am I the only person on the face of the earth who credits Arab armed forces with the ability to wipe out their enemies? The world DOES NOT CONSIST OF THE US AND ISRAEL. The ARABS and THEIR ALLIES are taking care of business. Major General Najim al-Jibouri, Iraqi commander of the Mosul operation. Why hasn't Caroline Glick written about THIS? Israelis and Americans didn't kill all those IRANIANS. It was ARAB COMMANDOS. ""In other words, Trump's team wants to roll over on Iran in the Levant, sacrificing Israel and Jordan..."" ""And pretend that Iran doesn't have an overall strategy that involves the entire region."" Another despicable lie. I'll tell you why Glick is lying. Glick thinks Trump is a Nazi. In 2014, I began publicly defending Israel against the lies told about her. I became a hero to Jewish people. One day, someone asked me who I was supporting in the election. I said, ""Trump."" The same Jewish people who thought I was a hero made me into a villain within a second. They called ME a Nazi. I reminded them that because I defended Israel, I got death threats from the Islamic State. ""Who asked you to defend us?"" was the most common answer. I had to block HUNDREDS of Jewish people. ""Trump is a Nazi"" is what insane people say. Here's Trump's father. I defended Israel from smeared, and in return, I got smeared, Trump got smeared, and Trump's father got smeared. Caroline Glick is off her rocker. Her viewpoint is without value, because it's warped by hate. Glick will crap her pants when she discovers that SAUDI ARABIA is defending Israel. Who blew up those 28 Hamas attack tunnels? Not the US. Today was a low point for the ""pro-Trump media."" Madness is catching. If you read the work of the insane, it will make YOU insane. Israel will be fine. No thanks to Caroline Glick."
" This is why I'm leaning toward regime change being very possible. ""Trita Parsi, founder and president of the Washington, DC-based National Iranian American Council, said: 'The fastest way to discredit these legitimate grievances expressed by the Iranian people, is for Trump to throw himself into the mix.'"" ""Amir Handjani, a New York-based fellow at the Atlantic Council think-tank, said: 'Anything the Trump administration says about Iran (even if it may be remotely credible)...'"" ""'Will be rejected by the vast majority of Iranians, given his position on a whole host of issues that touch on Iranian prestige and national interests.'"" Not a single analyst in the world can see these protests as anything except the Iranian people expressing discontent in a futile, traditional manner. That's what makes me think that there might be something ELSE going on. Trump is 100 percent unorthodox. He's expressed his support multiple times now. As a result, we have a media blackout on the protests. People are so insane with hate for Trump that they think the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES should remain silent. But only because he's TRUMP. Trump knows all of this. In fact he needled the press AFTER his comments on Iran. That jab will GUARANTEE that the press ignore Iran, just because they think doing so will ""fix"" Trump. If he supports something, they automatically oppose it. So why would Trump want the press to ignore Iran? Because MAYBE this isn't just another protest. MAYBE this is an operation to overthrow the mullahs. Look at the last sentence in Trump's tweet. ""Many stories & reports a pure fiction."" He inserts a misspelling --""a"" instead of ""are""--to make absolutely sure that everyone sees the tweet. 30,000 retweets and 115,000 ""likes."" The president is effortlessly manipulating the press. Why, in this case? Maybe Trump doesn't want the press to cover Iran. If that's the case, it means this uprising is different from all the others. The mullahs can't seem to get their men to use deadly force. That MAY be very significant..."
" Lieutenant General Michael Flynn spent 33 years in the US Army. In July of 2012, Flynn became head of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA). This is General Flynn's last interview as head of the DIA. Flynn was essentially fired. Why? Because he criticized the way we fight terrorism. Flynn also said that facts were omitted in order to make president Obama look better. That's MY OWN interpretation of Flynn's criticisms. My Great-uncle Curtis Yarnell Kimball was awarded a medal in Munich in April of 1945. The war in Europe hadn't ended, but British Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery personally gave Major Kimball the medal. Curtis belonged to the 129th Infantry Regiment, which fought in the Pacific. Curtis also spoke German so fluently that he could pass for a native. He was a military spook, like General Flynn. In 1951, Lt-Col Kimball was assigned to the United States Military Mission with the Imperial Iranian Gendarmerie. His job was to improve the capabilities of the Iranian national police. The State Department ran the mission. Curtis wrote reports that described the incompetence and dishonesty of the State Department. Because the State Department were so slow in providing equipment, it took the Iranian cops a month to complete one patrol. They had no water, their canteens were rusted out, their uniforms fell apart, and they had no phones or telegraphs. In 1954, the State Department demanded and got Curtis's head. He was blamed for the failure of the mission and shipped home. In letters to his superiors, Curtis begged for help. His letters went unanswered. Curtis never recovered from this betrayal. He died of complications from alcoholism in 1979. The army offered to bury him at Arlington, but my aunt Marion refused in a profanity laced letter. Instead, Curtis was cremated, his ashes scattered over the Gulf of Mexico, where he loved to sail. Marian died in 2006, also from complications of alcoholism. Curtis and Marian were badly abused. I've read everything I can about General Flynn. There's no evidence that he did anything wrong. It's clear that General Flynn made a lot of enemies. So did Curtis Kimball. It's said that you can judge someone by the company he keeps. You can also judge him by the enemies he makes. In my opinion, General Flynn is a great spook and a great patriot. In MY opinion, it's not possible that he turned on a dime and changed his entire worldview and values. That's MY opinion. We don't know what's actually happening in Washington. But we DO know that Donald Trump has not been the victim of the kinds of intelligence leaks that demolished George W. Bush. Someone with a knowledge of spooking has helped President Trump defend himself. We don't know who. But we MIGHT..."
" I just watched a video of a Palestinian sneaking up behind an Israeli and stabbing him. I wonder why this keeps happening? When I leave my house, my head is a swivel ALL THE TIME. I get my share of death threats. Nobody's going to sneak up on me. You hear people say, ""I don't want to live in fear."" Well, do you want to LIVE? I'm not afraid when I go out. But when I see young men acting suspiciously in the parking lot--watching me--I give them a wide berth. I'm not going to FIGHT someone; I'm going to KILL him. At a gas station, I watched a young man--early twenties--beat the hell out of his girlfriend. I'm not a cop. And I knew what was going to happen. ""WHATTA YOU LOOKIN' AT?"" See, by just WATCHING, I made the guy angry enough that he wanted to attack. I didn't say anything, and eventually he DID attack me. He sprinted toward me, but I learned a long time ago that if you show no reaction whatsoever, it makes them nervous, and they leave you alone. He stopped before he reached me, and then he and his girlfriend drove away. Here's the thing: This guy had no idea who he was attacking. That's the danger of picking on strangers. As he was threatening me, I was figuring out the fastest way to kill him. He was totally vulnerable when he sprinted toward me. If he'd actually assaulted me, he would've died on his feet. The gas-station CCTV video the cops released would've shown a limping old man with a white beard getting attacked by a young football player and killing him with one blow. Anyone who attacks me will die. But this doesn't bother me. When you live in the jungle, you have to live by the RULES of the jungle. Israeli police and soldiers are required by law to shoot the legs of knife-wielding attackers. That's why so many Israeli cops and soldiers get stabbed. I don't see the morality in sparing the lives of murderous savages while allowing NON-murderous, NON-savages to be hurt or killed. The soft bigotry of low expectations. The way you prove you're NOT a racist is by killing the attacker right away. If a white, blond, blue-eyed Nazi attacks you with a knife, you fire at center mass. The kid who attacked me at the gas station was Latino. That didn't matter to me. If he'd kept coming, he'd be in the ground right now. If you don't want people to look at you, don't beat up your girlfriend in public. And if you don't want to die, don't attack people for looking at you. Very simple rules. Not hard to live by..."
" Hold on. I have a photo of Dr. Ritter. Let me get it for you. Here we go. Next, a scan of the back. The coverup began immediately. They changed the story to sabotage, not assassination. THAT was how anxious Wilson was to keep from going to war. Ritter was arrested on December 1, 1915, and charged with conspiracy to assassinate the president. By December 3, 1915, the story was changed to conspiracy to commit sabotage. This is why the press and academia claim that we were not justified in declaring war on Germany. But the ORIGINAL CHARGE shows that we were totally justified..."
" We need to understand what happened. makes a point. The problem is that the INFIGHTING is not the issue. Luther Strange lost the GOP primary all by himself. Moore beat him by nine points. In other words, Moore TROUNCED him. Strange had more money, ran more ads, and was completely inoffensive on every level. The voters chose Moore anyway, all by themselves. Then the press began the FIRST phase of the operation: Make all of you think that Roy Moore is a maniac and a terrible candidate. I alone among you researched Roy Moore. I discovered that he's...dare I say it...an intellectual. He was 100 percent behind the Trump agenda. Once the press had made Roy Moore toxic by leading everyone around by the nose, the Democrats sprang the trap. As a result, NOBODY DEFENDED MOORE. I credit Sean Hannity with doing the most damage. Again, virtually EVERYONE, I guess, has internalized the Democrats' script for us. Hannity GRILLED Moore. There was no need for that, but Hannity was reading from the Democrats' script. knows that to read from the enemy's script is suicidal. But it turns out that very few of us can actually THROW AWAY that script. If I myself had been allowed, I would've interviewed Roy Moore in a theater, the two of us on a stage. By the end of the interview, I would've had you all on Moore's side. See, I can perceive the man for who he is. And I never read from the enemy's script. It may be that I'm asking too much from all of you. I'm already two-thirds or maybe three-fifths out the door. I'm utterly indifferent to how people perceive me. In many ways, I'm the walking dead. But I'm not unhappy about it. I advise people to take a long, hard look at this Senate race and the way the Democrats won. Think about THIS: They got religious people to vote for a guy who views abortion as the equivalent of taking off a Band-aid. AND they got YOU people to think that MOORE is responsible because he was a ""terrible candidate."" The Democrats and the establishment Republicans are like al-Qaeda and the Iranian mullahs. They work with each other. Their goal is to make YOU reject ANYONE who will shake up Washington. The reality is that Roy Moore would've been another Trump. Now, the Democrats are SMARTER than establishment Republicans, so this what happens, over and over: The GOP agrees to put up a mild moderate, and then the Democrats destroy him anyway! So if the Republican wins, he votes with the Democrats. If the Republican LOSES, the Democrats get the seat. The only way to break the pattern is with people like Roy Moore. But you let the Democrats BRAINWASH you into thinking he was a terrible candidate, so you didn't defend him. I'm haunted by squandered opportunity. This was a big one. But it could be that I see things only because I'm closer to the end than most of you are. The takeaway from this debacle is that virtually everyone played into the hands of the Democrats. They manipulated ALL of you. Try to stop letting it happen..."
" Here's where I show you why it's absurd that I have to grovel to people who can't perform at my level. You asked, ""Why THIS?"" And the answer is OF COURSE this. ""BDSM"" is ""bondage, discipline, dominance and submission, sadomasochism."" The article is too stupid to read. ""I wear Abdallah’s collar when I’m with Zahid. Abdallah is strictly submissive. Zahid is a switch: he can be either submissive or dominant depending on his mood. He prefers to be dominant, and I prefer that he dominate me."" BDSM between consenting adults is devoid of moral content. What I mean is, it's neither good nor bad. But here's the great LIE about BDSM: These people ALWAYS get bored with consenting partners, so they have to inflict their sadism on those who DON'T consent. And that's what our morbidly obese professor did yesterday. When I was a young man, I was the target of sadistic women. In Tokyo, I met a beautiful South African woman of Indian descent. Very intelligent and funny. We went out a lot. One night she told me about her ex-boyfriend, who couldn't get over her. ""I can see that,"" I said. ""You're one of the wittiest people I've ever met."" ""It's not my wit,"" she said. ""It's that I would whip his as he jumped in and out of a tub of ice water. Oh Tom! You should see your face!"" No. SHE should have seen HER face. She looked like a demon. People like this ALWAYS inflict suffering on the unwilling. ALWAYS. It's very easy to figure out why: Consent is NO FUN. The goal is REAL domination, sadism, submission, and suffering. The professor and her many sex partners are PLAYACTING with each other. So OF COURSE it gets boring. I have a relative who's going this route. She was a beautiful child who is now an obese, angry, tattooed game player. So I ejected her from my life. These people are DOOMED. The BDSM lifestyle is the result of a CATASTROPHIC childhood. Don't get me wrong: BDSM in and of itself is devoid of moral content. Lots of people reading this have themselves indulged in various BDSM practices. BUT. YOU DON'T WRITE ABOUT IT. Morons call the Victorians ""hypocrites."" No. They simply separated life into public and private. If you have the need to public with your sex life because you're a ""bitch,"" that means you need to see a psychiatrist. You're performing ALL THE TIME. You're not real. This is NOT an instructional video. It's COMEDY. ""Why do you do it?"" ""POWER!"" Exactly. Francesca Fiore is played by Scott Thompson, one the most brilliant comedians of all times. Here he is at age 58. Thompson has survived cancer, a school shooting, and a terrorist attack by Saddam Hussein's agents. His home was firebombed, and he was told in a note to withdraw his film ""Uncle Saddam"" or he would be killed ""in the name of Allah."" Thompson's one-man show on terrorism--The Lowest Show on Earth--was scheduled to open in New York on September 11, 2001. Needless to say, it never ran. Scott Thompson is a leftist. He's an openly gay Canadian, so his leftism is a given. But I've seen him on debate shows with conservatives, and he's always funny and positive. What I want is for entertainers as skilled as Thompson to not have to declare which side he's on. It's inhumane to make people take loyalty oaths in order to work. Another reason I like Thompson is that he doesn't inflict suffering on others. He could be the angriest guy in the world. On The Kids in the Hall, he convincingly plays macho Canadian men who hate gays. That has to be firsthand experience. I wish my relative had chosen Scott Thompson as her role model. Instead, she's on a toboggan ride into hell. Public BDSM is a sign that you are very damaged. ""Fat is anger,"" said Dr. David Viscott. I have an anger problem, but I recognize it. It's MY problem. Nobody else's. Nobody is required to put up with it. My story doesn't matter. ""You don't know what I've been through!"" True. But I also don't CARE. Making OTHERS suffer because YOU suffered? Totally immoral. You have no excuses..."
" Leftists lie about everything, even if their lies get you killed. When George W. Bush and Barack Obama were president, leftist ""experts"" said that the Pakistani Taliban (Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan or TTP) was not a danger to the west. The AFGHAN Taliban were the ones we had to worry about. Why did they lie to us? They lied when Bush president so that they could discredit his attempts to protect us. If people died, the liars could blame BUSH. When Obama was president, the liars lied so that he wouldn't have to lift a finger. Guess who swept aside the liars? A New York real-estate magnate with no political experience. Here's how the current president deals with the Pakistani Taliban. The Pakistani Taliban are allied with al-Qaeda. There was an al-Qaeda passenger in this pickup. Gentlemen, may I introduce you to the Right Honorable Sir Five Hundred Pound Bomb? Terrorists: ""We'd rather not meet him, actually."" Sir Bomb: ""BOOM!"" We've had the MQ-9 Reaper since 2007. This is a British Reaper. This is the FIRST TIME that this has happened. It took THREE YEARS to arm the Reaper with 500-pound GBU-38 joint direct attack munitions (JDAMs). Don't ask my why. This is why I divide American politics into the Pre-Trump Era and the Trump Era. Under Trump, things are getting done. For the life of me, I can't understand why that's a problem..."
" Why yes! My father Edward served on Bikati Island at a LORAN station. LORAN = long range navigation, a radio system for ships and aircraft. He served on Bikati from 1949 to 1950. There were only four other Coasties and a handful of Gibertese. Their rations dated from World War II and were horrible. All the cigarettes had been attacked by mites, so they had millions of holes in the paper. For non-smokers, if your cigarette has holes in it, when you draw, you get nothing but air, not smoke. They tried carving pipes from driftwood, but then the tobacco tasted like burning seawater. The only way they could smoke their cigarettes was by wrapping each one in newspaper. So they spent all their time cutting out little sheets of paper to wrap their cigarettes. Booze was strictly prohibited, but my father managed to get his on bottles when he wanted them. His grandfather would send them in sheets of tin. First my great-grandfather would hammer the corks down as far as he could. This prevents sloshing. Then he cut sheet-tin sleeves, welded them tightly around the bottles, and welded on lids, one for each end. The tin-wrapped bottles were sent in fruitcake. BIG fruitcakes. They hollowed them out, put in the bottles, and glued on the ends. My father used his Coast Guard issue bayonet to cut open the fruit cakes and undo the tin sheeting. Every few weeks a pharmacist's mate would visit to give the men checkups. One seaman had begun a relationship with a Gilbertese woman. He developed...warts. His...item now looked like this. The pharmacist's mate had no idea what do. He offered to use a razor blade, but the seaman logically resisted. They ended up shipping the guy home. He's probably in a medical book somewhere. And the island had coconut crabs. My father had to check his bunk every night, in case there was a coconut crab. He once woke up with a coconut crab on his chest. The claws were gently waving in front of his face. Good times!"
" All right. I retract my ""never again."" At some point, I'll start talking about American politics again, but not right now. Why not? I have severe PTSD, for which I take nine psychotropic medications. My PTSD is the result of witnessing mob behavior. I'll the movie ""Suddenly, Last Summer"" speak for me. Elizabeth Taylor plays Catherine Holly, who is about to get a lobotomy because she's in permanent agony over the death of her cousin Sebastian in Spain. The plot particulars aren't important. The reason Catherine has been driven crazy is that she saw something. A mob of teenage boys chased down her cousin, tore him apart, and ate him. This is how I feel all the time. It's not YOUR fault that you have no ability to comprehend certain things. But it's exhausting to plow through utterly superficial and off-base opinions. Roy Moore was torn apart and eaten by the mob. I seem to be the only person who understands that. So be it. We're going to have some new ground rules, though. Pay attention: One, don't ever talk to me about my PTSD. Your advice is worthless, and I don't need your sympathy. Nobody can grasp it, so let's not talk about it. Two, don't ask me to comment on things you know are stupid lies. PTSD removes you from the world. When you ask me about demented conspiracy theories, it makes me want to smash your face. Really. Three, don't try to start a fight with me. ""Oh, please come back! You're back? Well, I disagree STRONGLY with you."" No more insanity directed at me. Four, no jabbering about all the secret machinations of the Democrats. Not to me. Save that crap for other people who love scary campfire tales. And five, no talk about the the ""deep state."" Again, take that stuff somewhere else. You need to understand that PTSD is a crippling affliction. In all honesty, it makes me want to kill people. I despise lies and childish playacting. When you try to talk to me about your fears, it makes me want to plug you into my head. You'd die. I value sobriety, not madness and NOT MOB ACTION. The entire country tore apart and ate Roy Moore. So what's happened with me is a paradigm shift. I don't see the country and the culture the way I did before December 12, 2017. I will deal with this new country on MY TERMS. If you violate my terms, I'll block you. I'm not ready to resume what I was doing. I'm still too angry. Don't push me. I feel no loyalty to anybody right now. This is PTSD. In order to live, I have to do things my way. Take it or leave it..."
" AHA! I have BUSTED the anime addicts. They're sending me pictures of their ""waifus,"" meaning their cartoon wives. Now, I noticed that they carefully said that they don't view their WAIFUS as sex objects. ""Waifu"" = ""wife."" In anime lingo, to masturbate is to ""fap."" It's onomatopoeia. fap-fap-fap-fap-fap. SO GUESS WHAT? ""You treat your Waifu with the utmost respect and courtesy and most refuse to even fap to their beloved, seeing the act as an insult to the non-existent woman they have committed themselves to."" This is EXACTLY analogous to pedophilia. When these ""men"" tell me there isn't a sexual attraction, they're parsing words. Disseminating. LYING. They have a ""harem"" of cartoon 2D girls who they fap over, but the waifu is the one they love and treat with respect and courtesy. So it's even SICKER than I realized. This is even worse than silicon sex dolls. Or robots. The Japanese are working on a ""sex suit"" so that ""men"" can finally consummate with 2D girls. You put this thing on, and it exerts pressure on your hands and other parts of your body to coordinate with the cartoon climbing all over you. The face mask has a silicon mouth that lowers itself onto your mouth. There's a video out there of the suit prototype being tested. You DO NOT want to see it. So ONCE AGAIN, we have another group of rabid conformists. I'm fascinated by group-think, so I study all conformists. I had no idea that anime addicts marry a 2D girl and then cherish her by not masturbating over her. What tipped me off was the CAREFULLY WORDED explanation of the anime addicts. This is what I'm talking about when I say thjat things just come to me. I read a tweet and think, ""That's a frigging lie."" And then I have to find out HOW it's a lie. So blame yourselves, anime addicts. You outed yourselves. I had no idea about ""waifus"" until you told me about them... ADDENDUM: Oh GOD. They're OLD, not young. How utterly horrifying. Ladies, you have my sympathies... ADDENDUM TWO: tell me that this is Lindybeige. No idea who that is, but the photo is not real. Instead of deleting it, I'll leave it up with the correction so that people can see that I was wrong... "
" How stupid is the anti-Trump crowd? One White House readout. A second White House readout. The wording is identical. So Trump haters go to town. WHY is the wording identical? To distract the press and the world's idiots. Distract from WHAT, you ask? Well, there's an answer to that too. ""Mohammed bin Zayed bin Sultan Al-Nahyan is the Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces. He is seen as being the driving force behind the UAE's activist foreign policy and is the leader of a campaign against Arab Islamist movements."" And Mohammed bin Salman is Saudi Arabia's Defense minister. Last night the Saudis replaced their entire military leadership. Today Trump spoke with the de facto Supreme Commander of the UAE armed forces and the Saudi Defense Minister. And the White house distracted by deliberately issuing two identical readouts. Someone in the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps leaked video of the Iranian security forces abusing Dervishes. The Russians were shown for the first time in Putin's life that the US is not to be messed with. And today Trump announced his reelection campaign. Another massive distraction. Looks like a new kinetic phase is about to begin in the Middle East. Either the neutralizing of Hezbollah, the toppling of the mullahs, or both. Here's what a survivor of the Russian assault on US troops in Syria said: ""Made their point. What the f--- ours were hoping for in there?! That they will f--- run away themselves? Hoped to f--- scare them away?"" ""Lots of people f--- so bad [they] can't be f--- ID'd. There was no foot soldiers [on the American side]; they simply f--- our convoy with artillery."" Now add maybe 30,000 strategic commandos. Or more. Maybe the Gulf Cooperation Council and its allies will use 200,000 strategic commandos. We wiped out the Russians almost to a man without using ground troops. The GCC will send in ground troops. Thousands of them. And Trump haters are yukking it up. Imbeciles. We may be on the verge of seeing one of the most astonishing changes in human history. DO NOT underestimate the GCC. Trump wasn't talking to their two highest-ranking military officials just for fun. He was speaking to them as Commander-in-Chief. They were discussing strategy. The ""Go"" signal. Trump was confirming that we will do our part. You think Putin or the Chinese will lift a finger to save the mullahs? World War Three? Don't make me laugh..."
" It's time to address this horseshit. The reason this gets traction is that people don't know how anything works. They'll also say ANYTHING in order to get fans. Trump has his own private security as well as the US Secret Service. You have to stop being idiots. Ask yourself why an ""insider"" would write cryptic, histrionic messages on social media. If this were a REAL threat, the person would come forward. I can't believe that ANYONE is taken in by this. Let's take these stupid questions one by one: ""Could messages such as these be publicly exposed?"" Yes. Sessions would do it in a heartbeat. Duh. ""What happens to the FBI?"" The entire FBI? Nothing. The plotters are arrested. End of story. ""What happens in general?"" What does that mean? What happens to reality itself? Nothing. Life goes on. ""Every FBI/DOJ case could be challenged."" Hello? Every FBI/DOJ case ALREADY IS CHALLENGED. Endlessly. That's what defense attorneys do. ""Lawless."" What? How would an FBI plot make the US Federal Marshals become lawless? Pure stupidity. Then he talks about human sacrifices. We did this in the early 1980s. Devil worship. Suddenly everyone and his friend Allen had survived Satanic rituals. You know what this is? Mass hysteria. ""Nobody can possibly imagine the pure evil and corruption out there."" I have a pretty good imagination. Watch: Once upon a time there was a guy who had an industrial shredder for a mouth. What he did was run through cities at 3:00 a.m., shredding parked cars, lampposts, and stray giraffes. So they set the hogs on him. These were hogs that had been interbred with M1A2 Abrams main battle tanks, so they had tusks and 120mm cannons. The hog-tanks fired, but Shredder Mouth was able to grind up the rounds in midair. So the USS Cinderella had to be deployed. The USS Cinderella is an aircraft carrier on roller skates. It carries a full squadron of naval ballerinas, both fixed and rotary winged. Half the squadron used high-explosive tortillas that flew vertically, and the other half was armed with nuclear tiaras. After four hours of combat, the cat woke up and stopped dreaming about this utterly nonsensical claptrap that I created as I was writing. ""Those you trust are most guilty of sin."" No. A flat-out lie. Here's the giveaway: ""60 percent must remain private--for humanity."" The same overwrought language that childish leftists use. Don't ever send me this shit again. In the REAL world, sober people are in charge, and they know what they're doing. I do NOT approve of bottomless hysteria. Take it somewhere else..."
" wins the award for The Stupidest Tweet of 2017. How is Trump trying to be a dictator? By tweeting. Cindi lives and breathes by social media. In other words, she's completely removed from reality. Trump and his cabinet are DECENTRALIZING the federal government. Here's the best example yet: By executive order, Trump has made each branch of military service responsible for DECIDING ITSELF which units to bring to active duty during a national emergency. The Pentagon no longer makes that decision. This FREES UP Mattis and makes sure that the BEST POSSIBLE CHOICES are made. What about actual combat? Well, there's an answer to THAT too. General John W. Nicholson Jr. ordered a GBU-43/B MOAB delivered to Afghanistan, and THEN... Nicholson didn't ask permission. ""Big deal,"" some might say. AND THEY'D BE RIGHT! The British are puzzled. ""The analysis once again raises the question why the Moab was used. In Afghanistan, Isis constitutes a minor military threat compared to the Taliban."" The idiots answered their own question. Tunnels and the Islamic State were not the target. What WAS the target? The Pakistani Inter Services Intelligence (ISI) has created more terrorists groups than any other government agency on earth. We begged them to stop, but they wouldn't. The ISI has about 10,000 members, organized thusly: Internal Wing External Wing Foreign Relations Wing CPEC Wing CPEC = China–Pakistan Economic Corridor The External Wing has the field agents, as well as the former military who train terrorists. In the CIA, the Special Activities Division (SAD) Special Operations Group (SOG) has only a few hundred members. There would be even fewer in Pakistan. My guess is that General Nicholson killed the entire Pakistani ISI Special Operations Group responsible for training terrorists in Central Asia. Why do I say that? General Nicholson acted on his own initiative. Trump is the EXACT OPPOSITE of a dictator. Cindi needs to up her game. Trump is operating on a level so high above her that she'd need an oxygen tank just to stand next to him. Ha."
" I researched all the claims made against Flynn. None of them hold water, which is why he pleaded guilty to lying. Remember, the HYPE was that Flynn was a de facto government agent of both Turkey and Russia. Neither claim has any validity. As a spook, Flynn knew that his conversation with Kislyak was being recorded. AND Flynn's interview with Strzok was entirely voluntary. He was not REQUIRED to speak to the FBI. The claim is made that Strzok AMBUSHED Flynn. ""Gotcha! NOW you'll talk to me, my pretty!"" ""It's a fair cop. Whatta you wanna know?"" In the REAL world, if Flynn had done anything illegal, he wouldn't have spoken to Strzok. The second he realized it was a formal interview, he would've done this. Flynn ran Flynn Intel Group. The Website was taken down but a handful of pages were saved. Former CIA director R. James Woolsey told a hair-raising story about Flynn wanting to kidnap Fetullah Gülen and deliver him to Erdogan. BUT. What nobody except for ME noticed was that Woolsey qualified his statement by saying he WALKED IN ON A CONVERSATION, and he didn't know the CONTEXT of Flynn's comment. But Woolsey said, in effect, ""It was DREADFUL! Gracious! Such HORROR! I barely KNOW Flynn, and I had no IDEA!"" Flynn Intel Group. SURPRISE! Flynn and Woolsey NAILED EVERYBODY. They dug the mother of all tiger pits, and now Obama is in it. Flynn had to BECOME THE TARGET of the FBI in order to expose SYSTEMIC corruption. And that's just ONE PART of the Flynn operation. What makes Trump unique? No GENUINE intelligence leaks. That's not accidental. Flynn hired DIA spooks and civilians WHO'VE NEVER BEEN PHOTOGRAPHED. When the EEEEEEEEEEVIL Muslim-Jew H. R. McMaster ""fired"" them all, they kept their TS/SCI security clearances. I call them the Leak Killers. We don't even know where they are anymore. They all disappeared. The reason we can talk about it is because the corrupt elements of the Intelligence Community have been DEFEATED. Did you know that we carried out multiple GROUND OPERATIONS in Yemen? The Pentagon casually announced it at the end of 2017. What's Trump's new strategy for Afghanistan? Nobody's talking. We wiped out an entire Russian assault unit in Syria. The total of 200+ dead and 300+ wounded is the entire unit. I didn't know that we had AC-130 gunships ON CALL for Syria. No leaks. Trump solved most of his problems while he was running for president. He and Flynn took out the ENTIRE leak-apparatus, and now the ENTIRE corrupt spying apparatus is next. It used to be said that East Germany's Markus Wolf was the best spook of all time. But Wolf was allowed to kill people. THAT form of counterespionage is easy compared to what Flynn did. Flynn stopped everything without killing anybody AND without letting them spill their guts to the press. We'll never know how he did it. But Michael Flynn is the best spook in human history... "
" Let me tell you a story. I didn't start taking medication until 2007. My resting pulse rate went up to 220 beats per minute. I went to my father's cardiologist, and he gave every test known to science. All normal. So he suggested anti-anxiety medication. After he put me on two, he recommended a psychiatrist. The headshrinker was the one who diagnosed me with PTSD. I had no idea. Currently I take nine medications. It's a very heavy load, but my headshrinker said I had the worst PTSD he'd seen in his entire career. He treats the military. For me, the meds are a tool. When I started defending Israel in 2014, that was the first time in my life that I came across people who taunted me for having PTSD. I just thought it was stupid. They didn't bother me. There was an Irish Jew-hater named Jack Tipple. Let's see if he's still here. Doesn't look like it. Anyway, he was a psychiatrist. He said, ""How's your father, Tom? Still dead?"" I said, ""No, he recovered. We're having dinner tonight."" He had no answer. See, I'm not bothered by human cesspools. Jew-haters always go for the psychiatric issue. It's because they know subconsciously that THEY'RE batshit crazy, so mental illness scares them. They make fun of it in an attempt to ward it off. So that's MY approach. I once dated a woman who eventually said, ""I need to tell you something."" ""What?"" I asked. ""Well, I'm a little bipolar."" ""Okay,"" I said. ""You tell me the truth about how you feel."" ""I'm glad you told me."" ""Does it change anything?"" ""No, not really?"" ""Not in the slightest?"" ""Well, it gives me pause."" ""I KNEW IT! YOU SON OF A BITCH! IT'S PEOPLE LIKE YOU WHO STIGMATIZE MENTAL ILLNESS!"" At the time I felt awful. Now, I tell mental patients to shove it. All the time. I'M a mental patient. Do I use that to abuse people? No. As far as I'm concerned, the world can be divided into two groups: the abusive and the benign. If you're abusive, you get the bum's rush. I don't care if you're ""a little bipolar."" Take it somewhere else. My brother has horrendous PTSD. He also has a terrible temper and a problem with rudeness. BUT! He always tells me that if it gets too much, I need to slap his face. The reason we bought a five-bedroom house in Nevada is so we can stay out of each other's way. It won't be hard, because despite his issues, he never makes excuses. I don't let people make excuses. If you're abusive, piss off. Not my problem..."
" The footage is deceiving. Turks got hit hard. Someone is firing red tracers TOWARD the Kurdish cameraman. The Turkish position. Red tracer (left). The position is hit with explosive munitions. Someone is firing grenades with deadly accuracy. You can hear the WHUMP is the grenades explode. Once. Twice. Three times. Four times. Each grenade hits in exactly the same place. This won't end well for Turkey..."
" I've had a migraine all day, so I'll try to write it off. This is one of the anime addicts who I blocked. He's all sad and mopey about war and humanity. The painting he uses as a header is funny. It's a totally inaccurate rendition of...everything. The bomber is the Convair B-58 Hustler. It had a three-man crew. For whatever reason the painter put canard wings under the pilot's position. The real B-58 didn't have them. The B-58 was an amazing aircraft. It used four General Electric J70 turnbojets, the same power plant used on the Lockheed F-104 Starfighter. So the B-58 had FOUR Starfighters strapped to the wings. The F-104 was an incredibly hard aircraft to fly. The main user of the F-104 was the West German Luftwaffe. We left ours in natural metal, but the Germans used a really cool dark-green and slate-gray camouflage scheme with those sinister Iron Crosses. The Germans called the Starfighter the ""Widowmaker"" because so many of them crashed and killed the pilots. If you ejected, you'd hit the tail. Both the B-58 Hustler and the F-104 Starfighters were failures. But the same engine was used in two airliners. The Convair 880. And the Convair 990. Because of those incredible engines, they were the fastest airliners ever built. But they were narrow-body, medium range jets, so both of THEM failed. All these magnificent designs, and they were all failures. My brother Tim is obsessed with any aircraft powered by the General electric J79 turbojet. There was a guy who had THREE Convair 880s at a boneyard in the Mojave Desert. After tons of negotiations, Tim was allowed to come to come to the boneyard to go inside the aircraft and take photos. (15)_ He was so excited that he told our father, and our father said, ""Oh, I'd like to come along."" Tim said, ""He's going to sabotage it. I just know it. But I can't say no."" So they drove all the way to the Mojave. After ten minutes, my father started saying, ""Are you done yet? Are you done yet? Are you done yet?"" He had diabetes. ""I have to go eat now. I have to go eat now. I have to go eat now."" So after 20 minutes, they left. Tim had planned on spending the whole day there. The boneyard then SCRAPPED all three aircraft. But there's a bright side. Elvis Presley had a Convair 880. It's the only fully preserved 880 in the world, and it's on display at Graceland. So after we move to Vegas, Tim is going to Graceland, to Graceland, in Memphis, Tennessee. Elvis used to fly from Memphis to Denver, to Colorado Mine Company. He'd go there to get the Fool's Gold Loaf. You know what that is? It's a sandwich that consists of a loaf of buttered bread, a full jar of creamy peanut butter, a full jar of grape jelly, and a pound of bacon. Elvis would fly out to Denver in his Convair 880 to pick up 20 or 30 Foll's Gold Loafs. Sometimes he himself would eat two at one sitting. Two buttered loaves of bread, jars of creamy peanut butter, two jars of grape jelly, and two pounds of bacon. So someday Tim will FINALLY get to go inside a real Convair 880. We flew them as very small children, from Maracaibo, Venezuela, to Miami, but the memories are very vague. I've been all over the country, but Tim has to only California, Oregon, Colorado, Minnesota, Texas, and Florida. So he'd going to spend a year on the road. I'll take care of everything while he's catching up. ""Are you done yet? Are you done yet? Are you done yet?"" If only our father HEARD what Tim said he wanted to do in response to that. AND MY MIGRAINE IS GONE! Thanks, Dad. I appreciate it. Say hi to Mom for me..."
" Secretary of Defense Mattis speech to the Association of the United States Army. Significant quotes are: ""We must have militaries fit for their purpose, fit for their times, in these emerging challenges."" He's talking about learning to fight the way the Gulf Cooperation Council fights. ""These challenges include new domains of conflict, in space and in cyberspace."" ""Your Department of Defense is adapting."" Our allies are giving us the new weapons. No doubt. ""A conventional force that will include space and cyberspace capabilities to deter war or end it decisively if conflict occurs."" There were we go. ""We must maintain an irregular capability so that we must fight across the spectrum of conflict."" Strategic special forces. That's what he's talking about. Like the GCC already has. ""A decisive conventional force that can also fight irregular warfare."" Wow. ALL DOCTRINE IS BEING CHANGED. This is the GCC model. Every combatant becomes special-forces capable. Amazing. ""Everything we must do must contribute to the increased lethality of our military."" New weapons, new strategies, new tactics. THERE WE GO. This is the money quote: ""Secretary McCarthy and General Milley are examining every personnel policy, our training time, our organization and more..."" ""To ensure they contribute to make us the most lethal joint force in the world."" The Saudis and Iraqis won by making ALL their armed forces into joint forces. Rumsfeld tried this, but each branch of the service dug in its heels and refused. Mattis will immediately fire everyone who doesn't get with the program. No doubt about it. ""We are strengthening alliances and building new partnerships."" He specifically mentioned the Muslim Coalition, which is 40 or so nations. You've been reading all the Jack-Mike about Tillerson being on the way out? Mattis talks about what Tillerson put together. Here's the Coalition's Website. NOW do you see why I never talk about the fake place intrigue that Jack-Mike rave about? Did you even KNOW that Tillerson had created a coalition of 73 nations, the Arab League, the EU, INTERPOL, and NATO? Back to Mattis. ""Our third line of effort is...to rework our business practices to gain full benefit from every dollar spent on defense."" Wait: I thought running the country WASN'T like running a business. Trump haters: Mattis has more to say. Watch the video. And ignore the palace intrigue. Strategic deception and distraction. While Jack-Mike scribble, Trump implements his REVOLUTION. It's a great time to be alive..."
" The food and scenery are wonderful. But the laws when I was there? You were allowed to camp on anyone's land for one night, as long as you were out of their sight. You could register as an alcoholic and get a free apartment, free food, and free booze. I was on a train in Oslo, and on the platform were a quartet of men and women in their thirties. Sitting on a bench. As I turned my head away, I saw what looked like a tan cylinder suspended in midair in front of one man. I looked back at him. He was smiling and talking, hold a cigarette. His legs were spread wide. As I was about to look away, he tilted his head down and barfed up about a gallon of beer. That was the cylinder I'd seen. It was actually a jet, not a cylinder. A jet of beer, like from a fire hose. Then I realized that the entire train platform was covered with barfed-up beer. All four were barfing. These were literally GOVERNMENT DRUNKS. Their job was to drink and barf. Just another day in humane, enlightened Oslo. The non-alcoholics had to walk through a lake of barfed-up beer. And the people who weren't professional drunks just had to put up with it..."
" shows himself to be one of our stupidest, most dishonest members of Congress. I can't believe he thought nobody would connect the dots. My guess is he simply forgot his past actions. You're going to LOVE this. Flake compares Trump to Soviet dictator Josef Stalin. Let us a take a trip down memory lane. Vladimir Putin, August 3, 2009. Guess what ELSE happened in august of 2009? Then Flake GAVE HIS SELF-PORTRAITS to the Washington Post. Why did Flake make the trip, take the photos, and send them to the Post? ""Because, he told CNN Wednesday, he 'felt like a pansy.'"" Flake published the shirtless photos for EXACTLY THE SAME REASON Putin did. To show POWER. He said his island trip was two years in the making. Baloney. His own diary proves that it was a spur-of-the-moment decision. ""'So tell me again why you’re doing this?' was the common reaction from friends and colleagues."" He sprang his trip on everyone, which means he saw Putin's photos and decided to do the same thing. And now he says that Trump is like Stalin. Goodbye, Jeff. Your entire career was without value. You are what's wrong with this country... "
" I ""know"" no such thing. I'm not part of ""we."" There was only one gunman. Period. Anyone who says otherwise is a liar or insane. The security guard's interview answers all questions. He was alerted to an open door in the hallway of the 32nd floor. This is the precise setup. Note the ""EXIT"" sign and the door on the right. A door like THAT was left open long enough to trigger an alert. The security guard went up the stairway from the 31st floor. The STAIRWELL door was fastened shut with L-brackets. The security guard went back to the 31st floor and called an engineer. The security guard used ANOTHER stairway to go to the 32nd floor. He went to the open hallway door and saw the stairwell door shut. Again, the STAIRWELL door--which is on the other side of the HALLWAY door--was closed with steel L-brackets. The security guard CLOSED the hallway door, which is so heavy that it produces a loud, ""THUNK."" After the security guard CLOSED the hallway door, the mass murderer opened fire. The room doors in the hallway are set back a foot into the wall. The security guard took cover in the space in front of a door. The engineer arrived. The security guard yelled at him to take cover, and the mass murderer opened fire again. THEN the mass murderer opened fire on the crowd, firing twelve fusillades in ten minutes. Since the mass murderer was drilling when the security guard arrived, my guess is that the windows had not yet been broken. Everything began happening when the security guard arrived..."
" This allows me to comment on what Trump is doing. Trump had prototypes of the wall built. They are real, AND they are a strategic distraction. Mexico caved. Mexico caved again. The wall is REAL. But it lets Mexico point at it to distract from all the other ways Mexico is caving. Trump willingly serves as a punching bag. As long as the caving continues, Trump doesn't care..."
" Stan Ridgway. Always loved him. A true individual. It turns out that I need an extensive vacation from social media. So I'll leave you with two of my favorite songs. The lyrics are totally apropos. First, this little gem. So I'm leaving Everything that's true And I'll jump into A brand new skin And then you won't be able To box me in And if sometimes I can't seem to talk You'll know this blackboard lacks A piece of chalk Don't box me in I told you not to Don't box me in And then one of my favorites. There's no one here who shares my views Or sees the way I can see But there's just one thing that you'll understand You'll have to even up with me At the end of the line I've bet it all before But not everything I own There are some things that you can't buy or steal Or learn to leave alone I toss the dice and skin the cat And I always pay the fine So we'll settle up even-steven When we reach the end of the line I paid the fine. Boy, did I ever! So take care, and I'll be back at some point. Later..."
" Anti-gun fanatics are actually not human beings. As they prove here. ""Fatally shot on March 11, 2018 in Jackson, Michigan."" Here's what he actually looked like. The day he died, he first robbed a woman at gunpoint, and then he robbed a store. When the police confronted him, he pulled a gun. AFTER he pulled the gun, the police continued to tell him to drop it for another 35 seconds. They fired only when Townley aimed at the officers. So ""Gun Memorial"" is--in its own words--simply opposed to guns, regardless of how they are used. If you have a strong stomach, look for videos under the keywords ""victims strike back Brazil."" When unarmed people get the upper hand on armed criminals, the end result is savagery like you've never seen. The people at ""Gun Memorial"" want us to live in a country in which criminals are set on fire, beaten to death, lynched, stabbed... The don't have guns in Algeria. They don't have guns in China. Anti-gun fanatics want YOU to live in total misery, fear, and violence. We know our culture. What happens if Americans are disarmed? Violent crime goes through the roof, and criminals don't survive being caught by citizens. Is THAT the country you want? I was BORN THERE. Venezuela. Guns are not the problem. I know a man with an untreated psychosis. When I tried to warn everyone, his parents and my family circled the wagons around him. My parents never wanted to hear any bad news. It was always ""Shoot the messenger."" Why was I trying to cause trouble? The psychotic's parents don't accept the reality of mental illness. Pointing out the problem was insulting them. Someday the psychotic will carry out a mass shooting. I've never allowed him near me since 2012. He told me flat out that he wants to know what it's like to murder people. My brother and I agree that the psychotic is barred from our lives. He's not employable, spending all his time on social media and playing video games. If he shows up uninvited, he may not survive. He's THAT dangerous. We need to face reality about MENTAL ILLNESS, not guns. This is the face of severe mental illness. Don't EVER fall for the lie that guns are the problem. Without guns, people get disemboweled by mobs. In Mexico, they get both arms cut off above the elbow, so they can't get prosthetics. The ""national shame"" isn't mass shootings. We have a country of 330 MILLION people with 360 MILLION guns. Why isn't there a mass shooting every two seconds? The answer is that we're NOT SAVAGES. But if you disarm us, we WILL become savages. The evidence is overwhelming that heavily victimized unarmed populations take the law into their own hands. Do you WANT us to be Venezuela? If not, then STOP VOTING FOR DEMOCRATS. They honestly want us dead..."
" Nighty-night!"
" We give Israel $3 billion a year in military funding, an amount the federal government spends every SEVEN HOURS. In return, we get technology. We get missile-defense technology, we get armor for our tanks, we get fighter-pilot helmets, and we get firearms that shoot around corners. In 1990, the Israelis created a stable projectile that goes Mach 35, or 27,000 miles per hour. The Gulf Cooperation Council began funding Israeli weapon development in 2006 or 2007. As a result, the Arabs now have weapons like THIS. We don't have anything like that. It's likely that the GCC put about $5 TRILLION into Israel weapon development. Now, Arabs nations can win wars with just a handful of troops. From May 4, 2015, to August 4, 2015, fifty (50) Emirati and Yemeni commandos held off about 40,000 Houthis in Little Aden and Crater. They used rockets. On December 3, 2017, Emirati commandos rescued Brigadier General Tareq Abdullah Saleh in the middle of a giant Houthi ambush. Then the commandos shot their way through dozens of checkpoints. They killed everyone in front of them. WE can't pull off missions like that. The GCC has weapons that are about 50 years ahead of ours. This base isn't real. The Saudis can inject fake photos into satellites. That's how they hide enormous ground operations and amphibious landings. ""What do we get for our money?"" Americans ask that only about ISRAEL. Well, GUESS WHAT? We were too frigging STUPID to fund REAL Israeli weapon development. The GCC is sharing SOME of the technology, but they're keeping most of it for themselves. Which is only right. THEY paid for it..."
" They've done it multiple times. Russia kept bombing Hezbollah in Syria. Here's the reason why. The Antov/Taqnia AN-132, the first indigenous Saudi aircraft design. It wasn't supposed to be ready until 2018. The one flying over Syria has bulge under the nose, meaning it's an electronic warfare (EW) variant. They can hack into any system by injecting malware through the wireless connections. I think they can hack into satellites too. I think this ""base"" is computer-generated imagery. Since the image was impossible to discover randomly, that means the Saudis WANTED it to be seen. I think they were testing their ability to inject malware into satellites. Not a single Saudi ground operation has ever been caught by satellites. So I think the Saudis have the technology necessary to cloak their movements and assets... ADDENDUM: I misspelled the name. The real name is Antonov/Taqnia An-132, the first indigenous Saudi aircraft design. "
" I am genuinely stunned. Let me show you how insane the Iranian mullahs are. This is Brigadier General Tareq Abdullah Saleh, Commander of the Yemeni 3rd Republican Guard. The general is the nephew of the late dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh. Yemen is a disaster. All the leaders claim a divine right to power, since they're all northerners descended from the traditional ruling class. The country has had civil wars forever. After fighting Ansar Allah--""Supporters of God"" or the Houthis--the Salehs allied with them. The Houthis eventually killed Ali Abdullah Saleh and his nephew Tareq. On December 4, 2017, the Houthis surrounded General Tareq Saleh's house and leveled it, killing everyone inside. Five weeks later, the general surfaced, alive and well. Commandos from the United Arab Emirates rescued the general IN THE MIDDLE OF THE AMBUSH. They took him from house to house for three days, dodging Houthi death squads. Then on December 7, 2017, the UAE commandos and General Saleh fought their way out of Sanaa. They smashed through dozens of checkpoints, killing everyone in front of them. I just figured out how the UAE commandos did it. They took advantage of the Iranian mullahs--who arm, train, and equip the Houthis. You're won't believe this. I'm about to show you the craziest thing you've ever seen in your life. Saudi commandos in Aden, Yemen. More Saudi commandos in Yemen. Brace yourself for pure insanity. This is how Iran outfits the Houthis. These are Houthis. I checked and checked and checked, and it's true: Iran outfits the Houthis to look like Saudis. More Houthis. THAT is how the UAE rescued Brigadier General Saleh in the middle of an ambush. The Houthis are doing the job of the Saudis and and the UAE for them. I've never seen anything like this. The Houthis are even wearing face masks. This photo is hilarious. Read the caption. What's the safest military job in the world? Infiltrating the Houthis. I'm genuinely stunned. ""Hey: Since we're fighting the Saudis, LET'S UNIFORM ALL OUR MEN AS SAUDIS!"" Brilliant! What could go wrong? A hell of a lot, actually... "
" Russia sends Tupolev Tu-22M3 long-range bombers from bases in Russia. The bombers flew 2000 km (1243) miles. It's a five-hour round trip. Each Tu-22M3 can carry 69 FAB-250 general-purpose bombs. The FAB 250 weighs 551 pounds. The payload of the Tu-23M3 is 20 tons. On this mission, each Tu-22M3 carried six FAB-250 bombs. That means each bomber dropped 1.6 tons of explosives, not 20 tons. Since the cost of flying these things is so prohibitive, and since each dropped only six bombs, my guess is the mission is fake. Putin just went to Iran. No ceremony, straight into a long meeting, comes out and says, ""Everything's fine!"" For some strange reason, Qassem Suleimani didn't make an appearance..."
" Do you remember Timothy Treadwell, the self-proclaimed Bear Whisperer? Of course he was killed by a bear. So was his girlfriend. Treadwell like to boast that he had a death wish. Well, his death was taped. Director Werner Herzog listened to it and chose to not include it in his documentary. The nutter who shot up the school today was pumped to kill himself, but he said he lacked the courage. If Timothy Treadwell could have HEARD the tape of his death before it happened, he would've left Alaska and never gone back. Herzog said it was the worst thing he'd ever heard in his life. I think the sister finally destroyed it, because there were so many people trying get a hold of it. I would advise people to NOT look up Timothy Treadwell, because the former humans among us have collected every possible photo of fatal bear maulings and made memes and other visual jack-offery. I do wish that I had a button that would allow me to inflict upon a person the form of suffering that he or she is using to get off on. You think it's funny that someone got mauled to death by a bear. Well, here! Let me give a present. Now YOU can find out what it feels like. I'd end up with my button-pressing finger ten times the size of all the other fingers. From overuse..."
" A story for and all the other grim young leftists who overlook REAL murder in order to score political points. This story was told by a EUROPEAN. ""Why I Chose a Gun,"" by Peter van Uhm... ADDENDUM: A historical footnote for David. In World War One, the Netherlands--Holland--was neutral. The Dutch realized that warfare had totally changed, so armed forces had to change. In the Dutch army, each infantry company was comprised of three rifle sections of 39 men each. Therefore in 1917, a ""storm section"" was added to every infantry company. The storm section was comprised of 73 men: one commander; six NCOs; 20 hand-grenade throwers; 20 riflemen; four rifle-grenade squads (two men each); two light machine-gun squads (five men each); two flamethrower squads (two men each); two signalers-ordnance men. Then they added a grenade-launcher squad and a light-mortar squad. The storm section had MASSIVE firepower. World War One ended on November 11, 1918. And in 1923, the Dutch army disbanded its storm sections. When the Nazis invaded Holland on May 10, 1940, the Dutch army was mostly armed with weapons from World War One. It took the Nazis four days to defeat the Dutch. Currently, the country of Singapore is analogous to the Netherlands in 1940. The Chinese could invade Singapore. But they won't. Why not? Because Singapore undertook one of the most dramatic military buildups in human history. Singapore can now fight a holding action until the US Arrives to help. Most people don't know this, but the US has a ""special relationship"" with the UK, Australia, Israel...and Singapore. Tiny Singapore doesn't have to worry. One, she's incredibly heavily armed, and two, she has us as her ally. The Chinese are kept in check by guns. The Dutch learned, forgot, and then learned that lesson again. But it took invasion and occupation to make that lesson sink in... ADDENDUM TWO: Dutch stormmannen, members of a stormsectie of the Stormtroep. "
" Dear anti-gun leftists: Today I went to the eye doctor. There were too many patients, thanks to ObamaCare. Now our doctor has to ram us through in only a couple of minutes. So I asked for a rescheduling. BUT. As I was waiting, a man in his sixties came in. This was his baseball cap. I told him that I admire his courage, and we had a nice talk. He SUPPORTS raising the age for buying guns to 21, and he doesn't care if guns are no longer sold in various chains. ""As long as they're still available, and as long as they don't take what I already own, then I'm fine with making changes,"" he said. The conversation changed a little to general lawlessness, and we both commented on the way people drive. ""I've never seen anything like it,"" he said. ""And I'm 91 years old."" ""Did you just say you're 91 YEARS OLD?"" I asked. ""Yup. Sure am."" He looked younger than 70. Late sixties, tops. Amazing. And he blessed me when left. We shook hands. ""God bless you, son,"" he said. THAT is the National Rifle Association..."
" lets me make a point about Israel and Hezbollah. The 2006 war with Hezbollah taught Israel that she can't win a war in a sense that we all recognize. Condoleezza Rice told the Israelis to destroy Hezbollah. The Original Israeli plan would've worked. The plan was to carry an amphibious landing north of the Litani River. At the same time, an armored invasion would come up out of Israel. The amphibious forces would move south, and the armored force would move north. They would crush Hezbollah between them. But the entire Israeli government got cold feet. Then Defense Minister Amer Peretz assured Ehud Olmert that the war could be won with air power alone. Of course the air campaign only put off the inevitable: a ground invasion. In 2006, the IDF had stopped intensive training of reservists. So the initial invasion did not go well. Israeli intelligence did not know that Hezbollah had received antitank guided missiles, which the terrorists used on troop concentrations. The Israelis adapted quickly, but the one weapon they were unable to defeat was Green Helmet. He won the war for Hezbollah. I won't show you pictures of him in his GREEN helmet, because he was always holding up dead babies. The scenes were staged. But the imagery caused Condoleezza Rice to demand that Israel stop fighting. The 2006 war was a turning point for ME too, in that I saw anti-Hezbollah Lebanese rush to embrace Hezbollah. So I said, ""You guys are all insane. To hell with all of you."" The chef Anthony Bourdain was in Beirut when the war broke out. He had a TV series when he traveled the world, eating and getting drunk. He ended his episode by saying that this war had finally made him lose faith in humankind. He's older than me. Vietnam, the Iran-Iraq War, Desert Storm, Iraqi Freedom--all were fine, I guess. But Israel defending herself was the last straw for him. The 2006 war made me think the Middle East was DONE. I'd never seen such irrationality in my life. My mindset remained the same until June of 2015. Israel's 2014 war with Hamas was just a repeat of the war with Hezbollah. So was the 2008-2009 war with Hamas. I saw no hope until June of 2015. In June of 2015, I read that fifty (50) Arab commandos landed in Aden, Yemen, split into two groups, and held off 40,000 Houthis for two months. Studying Yemen made me study Syria, which made me see that unbelievably advanced weapons were being used. The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) has never divulged its actual wealth. I knew that the GCC had funded Israeli weapon development. We're talking TRILLIONS of dollars. And then I read about the new soldier: the strategic commando. I was able to trace all the new weapons back to Israeli research from the late 1980s and early 1990s. For example, the Israelis created a stable projectile that traveled 35,000 miles per hour. The only thing the Israelis lacked was funding. They got that from the GCC. And my research into Saudi Arabia specifically shows that they began the modernization of their armed forces in 1975. So the Saudis have implemented a plan 43 years in the making. Nobody else has ever done anything like that. In 1975, the Saudis were already planning for a post-oil economy. I thought the Middle East would be troubled forever. NOW I'm 100 percent sure that we'll have peace in the next three years. Hezbollah and the Iranian mullahs are remnants from the dead past. Add Erdogan as well. The Saudis kept their plan secret for half a century. One man definitely knew about it. King Salman. There's no doubt. Fifty years ago, the king was living as though it were 2018. He fought corruption, and he did what he could to make peoples' lives less stressful. Under the next king, the sky is the limit. He's got the whole population on his side. The Israelis were facing FAR too many issues to overcome on their own. When I saw secular, anti-Hezbollah Lebanese begin to praise Hezbollah, I gave up on Arabs. I'm being brutally honest. I totally gave up on Arab culture. The Saudis and their allies changed my mind. I didn't HATE Arab cultures; I just though they'd be mired in tribalism forever. Did you ever see this? Omar Sharif slapped a total stranger. He reverted, despite all his year living in the west. Until June of 2015, I thought that the Middle East would be in trouble forever. I was wrong. Hezbollah and the Iranian mullahs are living in pre-June 2015. They have no idea who they're facing. I've studied the GCC armed forces daily since June of 2015. Do you think Hezbollah and the mullahs study the GCC armed forces? Not a chance. They're bigots. I was never a bigot, so I was able to see the massive, unprecedented improvement that the GCC is bringing about. All will be well. We won't have a repeat of 2006. In three years, everyone in the Middle East will be free. And that means no more wars..."
" points out reality. ""Army Sgt. La David T. Johnson died in a hail of gunfire, hit as many as 18 times as he took cover in thick brush, fighting to the end after fleeing militants who had just killed three comrades in an October ambush in Niger, The Associated Press has learned."" ""A military investigation has concluded that Johnson wasn’t captured alive or killed at close range, dispelling a swirl of rumors about how he died."" The mainstream and ""alt-right"" press told you nothing but lies. Disgraceful. In memory of Sgt. La David T. Johnson, a soldier... "
" Guess how the DOJ got this evidence? ""We have had an ongoing investigation into DOJ [Department of Justice] and FBI since mid-summer for both FISA [Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court] abuse and other matters that we can't get into too much. But it is very concerning."" You can answer my question, right? A guy waved and said, ""Yoo-hoo! Over here! Look what I can do!"" So corrupt elements in the FBI did what they'd done for eight years under Obama: They went to a corrupt judge and got a FISA warrant. THEN the guy who had drawn their attention LIED to them so that he would BE CHARGED and thus provide evidence OF THE CORRUPTION. He had to SACRIFICE HIMSELF, or else the corruptoids could deny everything. NOW they can't deny. The judge who presided over this guy's guilty plea is also a FISA judge, and he suddenly recused himself from the the case. Nobody's saying why. So, AGAIN, give thanks that we have people willing to MAKE THE ENTIRE WORLD think they're dirty, if the end result is that we NAIL the corruptoids once and for all. THIS guy figured out how to do it. He's the best spook who ever lived. And a great American... "
" We both know this. I didn't know this until two minutes ago. Can you imagine the unbelievable hubris it would take to mess with these guys? Stunned..."
" Arab strategic special operators used very advanced weapons, but they also rely on overwhelming firepower. Americans use the 5.56mm round in our rifles (below right). Arab commandos use the 7.62mm round. The main rifle is the SCAR-H (Mk It packs a massive wallop. But commando squads are also very heavily armed with light machine guns such as the MK-48. The M60 is also very common. This is a two-man weapon converted so that one man can use it. Even the M240 general-purpose machine gun has been made into a one-man weapon. Massive ammunition backpacks are used. One man can fire hundreds of rounds in a very short time. As powerful as the 7.63mm round is, Arab commandos use even MORE devastating bullets. The HCAR (Heavy Counter Assault Rifle) has been out of stock for two years. I WONDER WHY?! It's based on the 1918 Browning Automatic Rifle. From videos, you can also hear the sound of automatic grenade launchers. Finally, the commandos have a new kind of flamethrower. It's based on this patent. A ""pyrophoric slug"" is a blob of material that ignites when exposed to air. This new kind of flamethrower is as accurate as a rifle. It's used to incinerate suicide bombers. Multiple videos from Iraq show dead terrorists who are burned to charcoal between their thighs and chin. My guess is that the flamethrower uses a device similar to THIS one, patented in 1918. It converts a rifle to a flamethrower. Blank cartridge cases are used as the propellant. The pyrophoric slug flamethrower has a cloth tank. This would prevent noise. In Iraq, a man in a totally unidentified outfit was filmed. I think his ""life vest"" is a cloth fuel tank. The flamethrower would look like this. The videos from the Battle of Mosul show men carrying the most ammunition I've ever seen. Two to four cans per man. They used every round, I'm sure. "
" Iran did this. No doubt. Here's why. Now, people don't survive Iranian roadside bombs. Unless they have high-tech protection. This was a gigantic bomb. There's jamming technology that will delay the explosion. I'm pretty sure this technology was used here. Hamas are the slaves of Iran. Every day, the mullahs do something else to ensure their removal. Since it HAS to be done, it WILL be done. And the mullahs will have nobody but themselves to blame..."
" Jew-haters think I hate Palestinians. Wrong. This is one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen. In 2014, I saw a video that showed one of the ""funerals"" for the four boys said to have been killed on the beach in Gaza. Their names were Ismail Bakr, Mohammed Bakr, Ahed Bakr, and Zakaria Bakr. The Palestinians totally screwed up the deception. FIVE different men were identified as the four fathers. The five fathers could not keep track of which child was supposed to be his son. We were told that there were four survivors. Six different boys were identified as the four survivors. Every single article used the names of the six boys interchangeably. Each ""survivor"" told a radically different story. And each ""survivor"" told reporters that he was either the brother or cousin of the same boy. In the video I saw from 2014, a young Palestinian man turned away from one of the five fathers. The young man looked at the camera in total disgust. His arms were folded tightly. That was 2014. I've never posted that video. Showing that video might endanger the young man. THESE are all Hamas members. This is a Hamas commander. That man was present at every single step of the deception operation. He took control of every action. Western reporters accompanied him. They spoke to him as the operation was carried out. Every reporter on the beach that day knew what was happening. ALL OF THEM are complicit. But I won't post a video of a young Palestinian man disgusted by the charade. I don't want him hurt. I want him SAFE And HAPPY..."
" THERE WE GO. Now, remember: In the words of King Abdullah II of Jordan, the US is the only country with the REACH to be able to organize this kind of effort. BUT. The LOCALS must do the heavy lifting. And the locals ARE DOING and WILL DO the heavy lifting. It's clear that the Gulf Cooperation Council is arming and training the Lebanese army. The goal is not to FIGHT Hezbollah but to REMOVE Hezbollah's offensive capabilities. The GCC presence in Lebanon and its training of the Lebanese army has allowed the US to begin transferring high-tech weaponry. American officer of Central Command (CENTCOM). Note the shoulder patch. The Super Tucano is used in counterinsurgency (COIN). Amazing aircraft. WOW! The man in tan coveralls is Lieutenant General Jeff Harrigian, US Air Force, Commander, U.S. Air Forces Central Command, Southwest Asia. That's your confirmation that the Lebanese army has been freed from Hezbollah. Harrigian would not even go there if there was the possibility of danger. Hey! Look at this! Lebanese naval commando with a map of TEXAS tattooed on his hand. Aha! Maritime Expeditionary Security Detachment 541 is based in Naval Air Station Fort Worth Joint Reserve Base. A Maritime Expeditionary Security Force (MESF) is involved in...COUNTER-TERRORISM! Naval special forces. I'll have to download this and look at it carefully. But it's clear that while the world was jabbering about Trump's tweets, he was helping the GCC free the Lebanese army from Hezbollah. ALWAYS LISTEN TO ME! I tell you what's happening... ADDENDUM: Turkish FNSS ACV-15 in Lebanese service. Either Turkey donated them, or the Saudis did. The neutralizing of Hezbollah began at least a year ago. It went into high gear when Trump agreed that the US would support the GCC plan..."
" asks a questions in bad faith. It's an editorial DISGUISED as a question, but I'll answer it anyway. I don't ""get off"" on war. That's how a child thinks. I STUDY war. I also don't ""get off"" on weapons. I study them. People think that ignorance of war and weapons makes them morally superior. No. It just makes you ignorant. I study war and weapons because they are the ONLY WAY to know the intentions of a country. For example, Saudi Arabia. In June of 2015, I learned that fifty (50) commandos of the Saudi-allied United Arab Emirates landed in Aden and split into two groups. These commandos also had Saudi-trained Yemenis embedded with them. The two groups of 25 men each held off about 40,000 Houthis for three months, using incredibly advanced weapons. This shocked the hell out of me. How could 50 men fight 40,000 for three months and suffer no casualties? In looking for the answer, I learned the INTENTIONS of Saudi Arabia. Advanced weapons are used in order to spare the lives of both civilians AND combatants. The Saudis invented a new type of soldier: the strategic commando. He fights in ""combined arms micro teams."" Each team has its own tank, helicopter, jet aircraft, artillery piece, and light armor. Using digital maps of the battlefield, the micro teams basically carry out their orders autonomously. I learned that the Saudis were fighting a ""holding action"" in Yemen. They kept the Houthis from advancing. This allowed multiple countries to train the Yemenis as strategic commandos. The Yemen war is ALSO ""military deception"" (MILDEC). While the world looked at Yemen, the Saudis fought in Syria, Iraq, Libya, and in South America. The Saudis use ""precision weapons."" For example, they used guided bombs filled with cement. Such a bomb killed only Abu Khayr al Masri, al-Qaeda's second in command. Everyone else in the car survived. The use of cement-filled bombs tells me that the Saudis don't want to massacre people. Countries can SAY anything. But only their ACTIONS count. Studying war and weapons tells me which countries I can trust. I can trust Saudi Arabia and her allies. Saudi Arabia PROVED her trustworthiness by the way she fights wars and by the way she uses weapons. I don't need to rely on anybody. My own eyes and brain tell me that I can trust Saudi Arabia. War and weapons PROVE which countries I can trust. Nothing else is effective in gauging the trustworthiness of a country. ONLY war and weapons..."
" Thread. In my own opinion, everyone knew what Mueller would find, because everyone blathers in Washington. So to make absolutely sure that there could never be eve na hint of a witch hunt, Mueller hired only Hillary supporters. BUT. These were people who supported Hillary IN GOOD FAITH and could be counted on to do the right thing. Sessions recused himself, and Trump never fired Mueller. ALL THE ADVANTAGES were with the Democrats. They have no grounds whatsoever for calling this a witch hunt. That why the DNC screeched like a cockatoo that it knew NOTHING. This time, the SS Clinton is going down, taking all its little tugboats with it. Ha."
" I'm very tired, so I'm signing off early. A message for supporters of : I defend the judge because this is personal. All my life, I've been attacked by mobs. It's just the hand I was dealt. I don't feel sorry for myself. I hate mobs. They make me angry enough to kill. So I've been frantically debunking the lies about Roy Moore. It's only because I RESEARCHED him and determined that he's innocent. HIS RECORD convinced me. And that's why I've been so involved in this. He doesn't deserve this treatment. Alabamans tend to be religious. Say a prayer for the guy who defended ME. His name was Thurman Biscoe, and he was my first hero. Thurman is why I do this. Everyone needs a Thurman Biscoe..."
" Well, I didn't think it was true, but it is: Puerto Rican truck drivers are refusing to work. The toothless guy is complaining about a law that the governor passed three weeks ago. The reporter CONFIRMS that the truck drivers are refusing to work in order to get revenge on the governor. The toothless guy says that the governor's policies have impacted truckers, so now truckers will show the country THEIR OWN suffering. The reporters says, ""But all this stuff is in the past. In the present, it's an emergency."" The toothless guy says that the country can now experience what the truckers experienced due to the governor's policies. The toothless guy says the truckers are not responsible for helping the country. That's the governor's job. Three weeks earlier, nobody cared about the plight of the truckers, so now the truckers don't care about the country. This is all the governor's fault, the toothless guy says. He passed a law, and now he has to live with it. The governor didn't understand the suffering of the working man, so now the truckers will show the country what suffering is. Since the country doesn't care about truckers, the truckers won't help. There you have it. As I said before: This is ALL THE FAULT OF PUERTO RICO. I didn't think it would be possible for a union to go on strike during a national emergency, but it happened. Stunning, really."
" Let me tell you a story that shows how important an older male role model is. Ten years ago I was at an Office Depot, and the kid who helped me had an unbelievable voice. I said, ""You need to do voice-over work."" He laughed and said, ""How would I do that?"" So I talked to him for half an hour about how to make a demo tape and what to put on it and how to send it out. He thanked me and shook my hand. He's doing voice-over work now. His name and demo were on the list of artists whose names I looked at when having audio books made. I wasn't able to hire him because he's too busy. He'd be about 28 now. He's black and doesn't know who his father is. One conversation was all it took. We're told that male role models are not necessary. BS. Nobody had ever told this guy that he had a gift. Now his financial future is secure..."
" Someone asked me to comment on this. It was entirely foreseeable that the anti-gun crowd would have THIS response. And then the usual ""delicious"" (vomit) snark about how stupid gun owners are and how smart the anti-gun people are. Here's the problem: When you come across something, NEVER REPEAT IT until after you've done your own research. The Puckle gun doesn't matter. You know what matters? The matchlock arquebus. This is an early muzzle-loading rifle that used a burning match to set off the powder in the pan, which then made the weapon fire. Guess what? There were revolver arquebuses. That model is from the year 1590, almost 200 years before the Founders wrote the Constitution. Here's a wheellock revolver musket from the same period. And finally we have a flintlock revolver musket, from the 1700s. These aren't patents. These are weapons used in combat for centuries before the Founders wrote the Constitution. The Founders were fully aware of rapid-fire technology for small arms. People need to do their own research. None of this stuff is a state secret... ADDENDUM: Looking at the responses, I see that ONCE AGAIN I've wasted my time. New rule: Don't ask me to comment on the gun debate. From now on I abstain... ADDENDUM TWO: People are asking me to not abstain, so I'll amend my new rule: When I'm talking about APPLES, don't frantically interrupt with your opinion on KOMODO DRAGONS. This is a thread on TECHNOLOGY. Don't spam me with LEGAL OPINIONS. I understand your ABSOLUTISM. I get it. BUT. I was asked to comment about TECHNOLOGY. So talk about TECHNOLOGY, or don't comment. See how easy that new rule is? STAY ON TOPIC... ADDENDUM THREE: See, you don't need to talk about the Pucket gun. It was never produced. Russian revolving matchlock from 1617. A nobleman owned it. Indian revolving matchlock from the 17th century. German revolving flintlock from the 18th century, the time period of the Founders. The Founders were totally familiar with rapid-fire technology, so forget the frigging Pucket gun. Revolving matchlock and wheellock muskets were used in combat for centuries BEFORE the Founders wrote the Constitution, and flintlock muskets were used during the 18th century. This is EVIDENCE. Everything else is just pointless jabbering... Puckle gun, not ""Pucket."" There once was a man named Jim Pucket... ADDENDUM FOUR: leads me to the Lorenzoni system for repeating muskets, dating to the 1600s. The Lorenzoni system was well known by 1789. Thus there's NO DOUBT that the Founders knew about rapid-fire small arms... "
" How's THIS for a theory? I came up with it after reading this piece. This is the line that caught my attention: ""Democrats are already seeking to exploit this rift, drafting legislation designed to make it harder for President-elect Donald Trump to unilaterally roll back Obama’s new sanctions."" Of course Obama and the Democrats were incapable of perceiving Trump in his true light. They though he was as corrupt as they are. Therefore he'd roll back sanctions for his pal Putin. Obama admitted that he got all news from TV. So he think FLYNN is a Putin stooge too. The plan is to implicate Trump in Putin stooge-hood. So they ask Flynn to talk to the Russians. They don't know Flynn any more than they know Trump. Flynn instantly figures out what's happening, so he says, ""Sure! My pleasure!"" He speaks to Kislyak FIVE TIMES on December 29, 2016. As Andrew McCarthy says, Flynn could've REFUSED TO HAVE SPOKEN to the FBI. Instead, he agrees to an interview and says, ""Kislyak? Never heard of him."" So to recap: Flynn clearly knew that his FIVE conversations with Kislyak were being recorded. When the FBI approached him, he remembered. EVERYBODY would remember FIVE conversations with one guy on the same day. Flynn also knows that if he DENIES talking sanctions, it'll come back and bite him in the Rumpelstiltskin. But he does it anyway. What's the end result of these machinations? Flynn is testifying to the Special Counsel. Here's the latest screeching triumphalism. Would that be illegal? No. More rabbits from ""sources familiar with the matter."" Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to federal authorities. He did so deliberately, I'm now sure. He became General Rabbit. Now he's going to talk to the feds. What if he tells them that Obama asked him to talk to the Russians in an effort to make a total travesty of Obama's own sanctions AND an effort to implicate Trump? Now THAT is a story..."
" I know people worry, but the president and First Lady have INCREDIBLE personal protection. Multiple people in the room are not who they seem. Multiple people have extremely advanced equipment. The president and First Lady are protected by the US Secret Service, or course. But the president's PERSONAL security teams use deception as their main weapon. There was a fake story about how the Saudis demanded that the German defense minister cover her hair. That's a lie. The Saudis never demand that foreign dignitaries cover their hair. This photo accompanied all the lying articles about nonexistent demands for covering hair. Such a treasure trove! Hand signals from the man in the right foreground. The man behind Mohammed bin Salman and Ursula von der Leyen has a machine gun under his robe. But the most intriguing aspect of the photo is the Crown Prince himself. MbS is packing. Never seen such a high-ranking government official armed. My guess is nobody will get any funny ideas. The Crown Prince would have to be a marksman. Trump's private security teams are just as unorthodox as MbS. So don't worry. All will be well..."
" Well, asks a question. I prefer to answer by asking questions. If this wasn't a failed robbery, what was it? If it was a warning, why do it in such a way that it simply drew attention to the entire affair? The death caused MORE scrutiny. Why do that? If it was an attempt to silence, why leave him alive? He was conscious when the police found him. Any cop will tell you that they immediately asked, ""Do you know who did this to you?"" Why risk him divulging information? The reality is that armed robberies were going up so dramatically in the neighborhood that the residents demanded and got extra patrols. My guess is he was accosted, he ran, and the robber--being a scumbag--shot him in the back and then ran himself. The police were on the scene within seconds. Career criminals get angry when you don't obey them. They shoot you as punishment. Armed robbers are always violent. The robbery itself is what motivates them. Cash and other valuables are secondary. Videos coming out of Brazil give you a good idea of the psychology of armed robbers. It's an almost totally lawless country. They attack the defenseless and instantly flee if the victim is one of the millions of off-duty cops. To me, everything points to a failed armed robbery. It took place at 4:20 a.m. Nothing good can happen to you on the street at 4:20 a.m..."
" A theory that came to me in the middle of the night. Qatar is a US ally. We have a massive air base there. Due to Qatar's sponsoring of terrorism, the Gulf Cooperation Council put a blockade on the country. It's an INTERESTING blockade. ""Yousuf Mohamed Al Jaida discussed the Qatar Financial Centre’s role in bolstering Qatar’s economy during the ongoing blockade in a lecture at Carnegie Mellon University in Qatar (CMU-Q). Al Jaida is the chief executive officer of the Qatar Financial Centre (QFC)."" ""Al Jaida outlined how the QFC has helped attract international firms and foreign direct investment to Qatar through its legal, business, regulatory and tax services."" ""QFC’s policies allow for complete foreign ownership, repatriation of profits, and a competitive corporate tax rate for international firms in Qatar."" ""These diversification efforts have become particularly important during the ongoing blockade of Qatar, which Al Jaida said has given QFC the opportunity to tap into new markets and strategic partners in France, the UK, India and China."" So the blockade is attracting foreign investors and allowing Qatar to move off oil. That's what ""diversification"" means. The US is making no effort to solve the Qatar crisis. Qatar is close to Iran, the main sponsor of Hezbollah. What did Qatar invent, in terms of terrorist tech? Well, THIS. ""Though many Israelis underestimate its capabilities, Hamas actually has sophisticated computer and networking resources in terror tunnels to detect the presence of IDF troops and to automatically fire rockets and missiles at Israeli targets."" ""Not only is Qatar footing the bill, it also trained Hamas terrorists how to use sophisticated equipment and systems to manage its extensive terror tunnel system, as well, systems to fire rockets at Israel using automatic, timed launching systems."" This is actually Palestinian Islamic Jihad, but it's the same sort of technology: automated launchers. Back to the Times of Israel article. ""'Qatar looks at this war between Israel and Hamas as a proving ground,' said Aviad Dadon, a senior cyber-security adviser at several Israeli government ministries."" ""'They are taking lessons from the performance of their cyber-equipment and will improve them even further for the next war, which will be even more cyber-oriented than this one.'"" ""According to Dadon, Hamas has embedded sophisticated network systems inside its terror tunnels, giving operatives in command and control centers the ability to monitor events in any of the tunnels."" ""Using sensors and other networked equipment, terrorists can quickly be notified if an IDF unit is advancing in a tunnel, allowing them to disperse quickly — and allowing the command and control staff to set off explosives when soldiers approach a booby trap."" ""In addition, he said, Hamas has automated its rocket firing system using networked, cloud-based launching software provided by Qatar."" Let's look at Hezbollah in Lebanon. An IDF map. Hezbollah uses tunnels and automated launchers. Qatar has provided tunnel and launcher tech to Hamas, and Qatar has a relationship to Iran. Hezbollah's sponsor is Iran. The current ""blockade"" of Qatar is allowing the country to get off oil FASTER than the rest of the GCC. And the US is doing nothing to solve the GCC-Qatar crisis. I think all of Hezbollah's military systems are Qatari, and I think they have an ""off"" switch. I think Qatar and the GCC pulled off the mother of all military deception (MILDEC) operations, and I think Hezbollah will be left defenseless. In 2014, the Israeli Iron Dome easily dealt with Hamas's rockets. Hezbollah has FAR more rockets, which would overwhelm the Iron Dome. But there's no sense of urgency. The only people losing their cool are the Iranians and Hezbollah. I think the Qataris have been playing the villain for years, and that in reality they set up Iran and Hezbollah for total defeat. In 2014, the Israelis discovered and destroyed 32 Hamas attack tunnels. Beginning in January if 2016, a total 29 Hamas attack tunnels have been destroyed so far. The IDF acknowledged destroying the last one. ""The Hamas-run Gaza Health Ministry said four of the dead were Islamic Jihad members, including two senior commanders, Arafat Abu Murshad, the Islamic Jihad’s central Gaza commander and his deputy Hassan Abu Hassanein."" GCC funding has allowed the Israelis to locate the tunnels and determine who is inside them at the time. Two senior commanders. NOT a coincidence. So that's my theory. I believe that over a period of years, the GCC patiently led Iran and Hezbollah into a trap from which they can't escape. Hezbollah's weapons are useless. And that's a good thing..."
" Remember this? ""Let history be the judge."" How'd that work out? It was Karl Rove's idea for Bush to NEVER DEFEND HIMSELF. Didn't it drive you crazy? Neither Rove nor Bush understood physics: ""Nature abhors a vacuum."" The Democrats poured lies into the empty space, and now history HAS judged George W. Bush. is not George W. Bush. Trump fights back, as he should. As we speak, Operation Katrina is taking place. So hit back even harder. These bastards are LYING. Hitting back is WORKING. ""Let's not quibble over who killed who. This is a happy time!"" The press and the Democrats STARTED THIS. They are trying to destroy a man who DOESN'T DESERVE IT. This IS the time to point fingers and to tell the truth. Puerto Rico screwed the pooch. We must NOT LET THEM blame it on Trump. This is a COORDINATED DISINFORMATION OPERATION. Two lies in one tweet. Actually THREE lies. Fantasy versus reality. Donald Trump DOES NOT DESERVE THIS. I don't care if this is how things are done. It's STILL WRONG. So keep hitting back, harder and harder and harder. It's working. Now they're begging for mercy. Show them no mercy. Make them regret they started this. Let them know that WE ARE BETTER FIGHTERS. They'll stop. Guaranteed."
" Niger. Why the problems? Because of THIS. This is the Sahel region of Africa. ""Five African countries have launched a new multinational force to fight armed groups in the Sahel region..."" ""Which France's President Emmanuel Macron told a summit in Mali should be fully operational 'in a matter of weeks.'"" That was July 2, 2017. But then we find THIS. ""Created in February 2014, this regional force aims at improving the coordination of the countries at a regional level[.]"" Finally, we have THIS: ""Mali says the G5 Sahel Joint Force to Combat Terrorism should be fully operational in the next few months."" That was October 10, 2017. What happened? They went through the UN. THAT'S what happened. ""Paris pushed hard last week for UN Security Council authorization for a joint Sahelian military force."" Why? Because they wanted US to pay for it. (In French.) This is our position: The press release says, diplomatically, that the G5 Sahel Joint Force to Combat Terrorism will be an unnecessary waste of money. It's not enough to create a force. You have to arm, equip, and train it. How serious are the participants? The UN's answer to everything is to throw American money at it and then accuse us of war crimes. This is typical globalist-speak. The Joint Force is now operational but lacks funding. Then it's NOT operational. I can tell you the name of this unit: G5 Sahel Joint Force. In 2015, the Arab League created a 40,000-man rapid-reaction force. And then they stopped talking about it. We don't know who's in it, which weapons they use, of if it's engaged in combat. They didn't go through the UN. That's why. Americans--rightfully?--want transparency in everything. Well, here's what the Saudis did. The Saudis created armed forces that can overthrow the House of Saud at any time. In order to fight terrorism, the Saudi royal family put aside its personal safety and merged all the armed forces. Americans have a love-hate relationship with the military. We spin endless conspiracy theories about ""black ops"" and other madness. Well, the Saudis made it possible for THEIR armed forces to enslave the entire country. But it won't happen. The Saudi armed forces are HONORABLE, just like ours. Saudis fully TRUST their armed forces. The demands for full transparency are a sign of mistrust. Budgetary transparency is all I ask for. Operational transparency? I don't need that. I trust our military. I'm not afraid of it. Some things have to be done in secret in order to work. We should accept that..."
" The Malaysian sense of humor. ""Malaysian police released on Monday computer-generated facial composites of the two men suspected of fatally shooting Dr. Fadi Mohammad al-Batsh, a Hamas drone expert."" ""The facial composites are based on descriptions given by eye-witnesses."" ""Batash, 35, was an expert in alternative energy and unmanned aircraft systems. He was reportedly shot by masked gunmen at 6 a.m. (local time) while on his way to prayers at a mosque."" They were masked, but the police based the composites on eyewitness accounts of the facial features. That would explain this. We're being inundated with sketches. Why aren't any of them even slightly believable? Be on the lookout for this guy too. Somewhere packed away I have a newspaper photo of a screaming leftist being arrested. He looks exactly like me. It gave my whole family pause. This guy was an exact duplicate. I don't even want to THINK of the possibility that I'm living a double life and not knowing it. Especially as a LEFTIST. Gawd..."
" Here's what I learned in 2014 and 2015. The Palestinians said that 2100 civilians were killed by the Israelis. To provide links, I'd have to go back through posts I wrote four years ago. If YOU want to do your own research, have at it. I'm just going to post what I discovered. The IDF says it killed 900+ terrorists. ""Human rights"" groups admit that the Palestinians include deaths from natural causes in their tolls. According to the CIA Fact Book, 760 Palestinians died from natural causes during the war that summer. Fatah said that Hamas killed 120 of Fatah's members. Palestinians sources said that Hamas killed 400 opposition figures. Palestinians said that Hamas killed 50 protestors. Palestinians said that Hamas killed 38 ""collaborators."" Palestinians said that Hamas killed 100 civilians in Shijaiyah. When you add up the figures, you get a death toll of 2360, not 2100. AND you see that the IDF killed ZERO civilians. Hamas set off over 1000 gigantic IEDs that brought down entire buildings. In addition 875 rockets and 17,000 mortar rounds fell in Gaza. ALL FROM HAMAS. This is the signature of an improvised rocket, not an Israel weapon. Here's what Mahmoud Abbas said. When it was all over, the press sheepishly told SOME of the truth. This is why I don't care what the Palestinians say is happening. They're lying, the way they always do. When this is over, they won't have accomplished anything except cull their own ranks of terrorists. And that's a good thing..."
" doesn't report news; it propagandizes. This is one such piece of propaganda that backfired. But here's another piece of propaganda, which is much more destructive. ""The administration touts its Afghan strategy, announced by President Donald Trump in August, as a realistic and more aggressive approach to achieving the goal prior administrations have pursued:"" ""To bring the Taliban to an Afghan peace table and to prevent extremist groups like al-Qaida or the Islamic State from using the country as a launch pad for attacks on the West."" Hold on to your hats: The AP is lying. James Mattis's statement of August 21, 2017: ""I have directed the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to make preparations to carry out the president’s strategy."" PREPARATIONS for the new strategy were being made AT THE END OF AUGUST. The AP is trying to make you think that Trump's strategy was IMPLEMENTED in August. The strategy had yet to be implemented by OCTOBER 3, 2017. So the new strategy has been in place for about three months. AND IT HASN'T WON THE WAR! The press is the enemy. There's no doubt anymore. Saying so makes Chris Amanpour cry, I know, but if the press didn't BEHAVE as the enemy, I wouldn't CALL IT the enemy. The problem, Chris, is THE PRESS. It's not Trump. He hasn't arrested any members of the press. Also, Chris, you said that Trump's rhetoric reminds you of what dictators say. I'm very confused, Chris. The western press fell deeply in love with this murderous dictator. She has people killed with flamethrowers. The press lies endlessly about our president AND embraces enemies of the United States. Therefore, Chris, the press IS THE ENEMY. Stop being the enemy, and people will stop CALLING YOU the enemy. It's quite simple. Let me know if I can help you with anything else, Chris... "
" Let's look at the comments in this dishonest tweet. Will we find a single rational person? Deenis says Trump is a toddler. Lie-ah says Trump has dementia. Tanyuh say Trump has behavioral health issues(?) and personality disorders. Beer Mom says Trump never works. Bathsalts Batman says Trump hasn't worked in 71 years. Uncle Obb says that Mueller doesn't golf. Buckle Duh says the Trump ""administration"" tops any level of absurdity, malice and stupidity ever concocted by the VEEP script writers. Yeah, I have no idea either. Mister Soft Dick says that Trump can communicate with Putin using someone else’s phone while pretending to golf, per usual. The comments are getting quite insane, aren't they? Carl's Latte says that Trump's aides should let him fly around the room like a deflating balloon. Lost in translation! Eliza B'thwillians says someone would still have to check Trump's Depends every so often. Somehow they all know what the other person is saying. Redheaded Psychotic says Trump would check his Depends only if the [sic] wanted to avoid diaper rash. So within 12 responses, they were all doing this. THAT is a really horrifying part of Twitter. Let's not go there again..."
" In 2009, Iran brought in Hezbollah and Hamas to attack the protesters. The protests went on for eight months. It's likely that IF regime change is in the works, the ""shaping of the battlefield"" was done long ago. The 2009 protests were civilians who marched. IF regime change is coming, it'll happen incredibly fast, so that the regime can't defend itself. What happened in Yemen, Syria, and Iraq was that the battlefield was shaped for months or years. When action began, it happened VERY quickly. As far as I can tell, every analyst on earth is viewing this as another in the series of protests that Iranians have carried out. Nobody has even CONCEIVED of the possibility that these protests are a disguise. MILDEC. Military deception. I have no idea what will happen. But don't be surprised if something HUGE happens VERY fast..."
" One of the greatest films ever made is ""Friendly Persuasion."" Gary Cooper heads a Quaker family. The Quakers are pacifists. Although Cooper is a devout Quaker, he doesn't let dogmatic thinking determine his actions. Cooper understands that life is COMPLEX. Yes, when you agree to belong to a group that has rules, you agree to follow the rules. But what happens when the rules can't be applied in a particular situation? THAT'S what friendly persuasion is about. Difficult decisions. In a complex world, there are no easy answers. I'm all about the spirit of the law rather than the letter of the law. Ronald Reagan said that people wanted him to go over the cliff, waving the flag all the way down. I recently spent a lot of time watching videos of the drummers Keith Moon of the Who and John Bonham of Led Zeppelin. Both died of alcoholism at the age of 32. That's four years out of their twenties. Moon and Bonham were utterly original drummers who are studied fanatically. And they both killed themselves with booze. The drummer Bill Bruford gets very angry when he talks about Moon and Bonham. ""They were just spectacles to most people,"" he says. ""'Go on! Get drunk! Entertain me! Die early!' Well, excuse me, but I refuse to kill myself as entertainment for you. I'll go on living, thank you."" I wish Moon and Bonham had lived. Dying early accomplished nothing, and it left massive destruction that people still feel. People often THINK they want something, but they haven't actually pondered it as carefully as they should've. Neither Keith Moon nor John Bonham actually WANTED to be rock stars, so they killed themselves. I think everybody should take a very time to actually THINK about what they say they want. It's easy to say, ""The law is the law,"" but in this very complicated world, we actually have to look at far MORE than just the one issue at hand. I'm not expecting people to be charged and tried and convicted and sentenced. The insanity is being ratcheted up to a level I've never seen before. What I want is change and safeguards that ensure that this stuff doesn't happen again. The Democrats are bringing illegal aliens to the State of the Union address. There isn't a shred of rationality left in this party. Look up the phrase ""cause celebre."" Do we really want to give them more and more and more rallying points, or do we want to move forward and fix the damage done? Frame by frame Death by drowning In your own In your own Analysis "
" This is something that the Iraqis eliminated. I don't know how. In the Battle of Mosul, the highest ranking officers in the Iraqi military walked the streets one block over from the fighting. After October of 2015, they lost NO high-ranking officers, and there was NO infiltration by terrorists. This is the Iraqi parliament building while we were there. I'm positive that in the summer of 2015, the Iraqis began accepting Saudi help. The head bodyguard in this unit has long hair. He isn't Iraqi. SOMEHOW the Saudis and now the Iraqis have figured out how to prevent these betrayals. Although this sounds totally insane, I think they use technology that identifies liars. Voice analysis, probably. Or maybe a visual aid that somehow sees signs of deception. In one video, a soldier helping civilians was taking each person by the hand. It looked like he was helping, but he was EXAMINING. He wore glasses that screened for explosives residue or gunpowder residue. There was no doubt. Somehow the Iraqis and Saudis have virtually eliminated these betrayals. I hope we can learn how to do it too..."
" Didn't it bug the hell out of you when western Muslims made all sorts of slippery arguments about Islam and terrorism? What I'm pointing out is that the Muslims WITH THE POWER set in motion a Reformation that was actually EASIER that the Christian reformation. I use the Christian reformation as a comparative example. THAT'S ALL. What bugs the hell out of ME is that the Muslims WHO MATTER--the ones with the actual power--have done what westerners have been demanding for thirty years. But the mindless bitching continues. Bitcher: ""You need to improve."" Mohammed bin Salman: ""Here is our mind-boggling list of improvements."" Bitcher: ""I don't believe it. You're lying."" At that point, the mindless bitcher needs to be shunted aside. The reason I brought up Christianity is to GIVE YOU A COMPARISON. If you're going to be as defensive as western Muslims who rationalize terrorism, then you won't learn anything. Grow up. I'm not ""taking jabs."" I'm trying to show you what's happening..."
" Well, the Islamic State emir of Deir Ezzor was killed in July of 2016. He and his entourage were ambushed in Gassan Abod Square in the middle of the day. There's no cover. At the time, the Syrian Arab Army and Hezbollah had the city surrounded. The men who killed the emir got past over 30 Syrian, Hezbollah, and Islamic State checkpoints. They masqueraded first as Syrians and then as Islamic State terrorists. After killing the emir and his entourage, they went BACK THROUGH the 30 checkpoints and escaped. Men--and WOMEN--like that don't care about credit..."
" So I'm using my late father's computer, which hasn't been updated since 2013. Pick ANY action imaginable, and my father would cut corners, modify, and do it on the cheap. I've never seen a keyboard like this. Black keys with black lettering on them. My brother tells me that the keys were designed to light up, but my father disabled that feature to save money. To type, I have to lean sideways so that the overhead light catches the reflection of the letters on the keys. The mouse cord catches on the edge of the keyboard every time I move it. My father bought a cord about eleven inches long. The only way top use the mouse is to put it on the desktop (the REAL one) above the keyboard and turn it sideways. You can't scroll with your right hand. You have to use your left hand. The angle of the scrolling-thingie prevents you from using your right hand. Every single key on the board has a hidden function. Cap lock, sleep mode, examine elements, disconnect from browser. All of that is happening as I type, because I can't read the writing on the keys, so I keep putting the computer to sleep, etc. My father died in 2013. He would've bought into the endless Trump Panic. The thought of that almost gives me a stroke. AS I SIT HERE WARDING OFF A STROKE, (See? Cap lock. I don't care.), three different houses are having parties. Guess what happened? Because Californians think that Trump takes everything as personally as THEY do, the state is already importing all the welfare cases, mental patients, and illegals in the country. ""That'll show him!"" I feel like I'm living in a post-apocalyptic movie. You should watch the Paul Newman movie ""Harper."" When it shows the freeways, you see five or six cars. Same as the surface streets. The Chinese are buying up real estate here, driving the prices so high that only millionaires can afford houses now. So California is going to SUBSIDIZE housing for everyone except millionaires. That means that EVERY SINGLE AMERICAN who lives on a vacant lot in a 1950s teardrop trailer is going to come to California. AND my brother tells me that the new pet-fad for Silicon Valley oligarchs is chickens. They keep them indoors, wearing diapers. The good thing about California is that it's going to become What Not To Do for all other states. Every nightmarish social-engineering experiment is being tried here, and of course they're all failing. As I type, I hear three different live bands, screaming, car alarms, police helicopters, howls of laughter, stadium-level sounds systems in passing cars, and fifty barking dogs. California! ""Blue Wave"" = The Death of Civilization. Just so you know..."
" makes a point. I fully understand this. Let me explain MY approach. I refuse to let the opposition define the contest. That's why I'm not involved in getting things to trend. There are enough people doing things in a certain way. I don't need to join in. My time is better spent looking into things that are important IN ADDITION to all of this. As everybody knows, trends are controlled by Hive Central. So playing the game according to the THEIR RULES is a losing proposition. Also, people say they need the press to see X or Y. That won't make any difference. TRUMP is the one who controls the media cycle. I'm just a remora. I don't want to engage the press at all, except to mock them. When LIES and says that Trump has heart disease, there's no point in debating him. He's a LIAR. He KNOWS he's lying. And then you meet me and your whole world changes Because everything I say is everything you've ever wanted to hear So you drop your defenses, and you drop all your fears And you trust me completely I'll tear your mind out I'll burn your soul I'll turn you into me I'll turn you into me Cause I'm a liar, a liar A liar, a liar Sucker! Sucker! Sucker! I take my cues from Trump. He doesn't engage , because Jim Acosta is not acting in good faith. When someone isn't acting in good faith, engaging them is waste of time. They will NEVER concede that you're right. NEVER. AND mixed in with all of this is opportunists masquerading as Trump supporters. They're muddying the waters, trying to make you even more upset. So let me do what I do best, which is to write about things in the way I choose. It's big tent, with room enough for all..."
" makes a request. After became president, I stopped worrying about politics. I DELEGATED politics to the president. Real delegation means you let the other person handle it, and you do other stuff. In August of 2015, I noticed that SOMEBODY was using massively advanced weapons in Yemen, Syria, and Iraq. These weapons are relied on velocity and/or shock waves. This is a kinetic weapon. It used its speed of 13,000 miles per hour (Mach 18) to break apart the truck bomb before the bomb could detonate. I traced all the new weaponry back to Israeli research. The Israelis lacked the funds to make these ideas into reality. Someone GAVE them the funds. It was the Gulf Cooperation Council. TRILLIONS of dollars. The GCC fights, and Israel is now free to do other things. Yes, Israel lost an aircraft recently. The Syrians fired TWENTY surface-to-air missiles. Ask any pilot: Nobody has ever fired that many SAMs at one aircraft before. But Israel isn't in danger. Her allies will take care of Hezbollah. There's a plan that will involve a lot of deception. We're GIVING the Lebanese army all the same weapons we sell to the Saudis. Why? Well, all the Saudis have to do is paint Lebanese insignia on the vehicles and then enter Lebanon through Israel. They--Israel and the GCC--rehearsed this in 2015. The Israelis said they practiced evacuating 1.5 million Lebanese in 24 hours. Impossible. They practiced infiltrating tens of thousands of Arab strategic commandos in 24 hours. The GCC will do the fighting. Israel simply can't. The Lebanese are still too tribal. But. NOW Israel can do what she LIKES to do. The Israelis--on their own--identified Lebanese terrorists who were planning to blow up an airliner of the United Arab Emirates. Israel notified Australia, and the plot was foiled. Lots of stuff has changed. The IDF spokesman of the Arabic Media Department?! Here's what the Syrian said to IDF Major Avichai Adraee: ""You are an Arab Iraqi. Do not forget your roots."" This is very interesting. Virtually all Iraqi Jews fled the country. Most settled in Israel. The Iraqis are asking them to come back. During the Battle of Mosul, the old commando in this video always covered his head indoors. He has a VOIP telephone. It's the Peryphon TA-1087 REG. Hey, wouldja look at THIS? I think the old commando is an Iraqi Jew who served in the IDF. And I think the young commandos with him were trained in Israel. What the Middle East seems to have done is turn on a dime, and NOW everybody knows that Israel and the Arabs are allies. Iran and Hezbollah are making a lot of noise. Nobody seems worried in the slightest. Israelis always fought very fast, because public opinion gave only a brief window to defend themselves. Now, Israel's Arab allies fight very slowly and thoroughly, and they do it all under the radar because NOBODY EXPECTS IT. I didn't arbitrarily decide to support Trump. He EARNED my support. I didn't arbitrarily decide that all would be well in the Middle East. Until August of 2015, I thought they'd be at war forever. Here's what convinced me that everything would be fine: Between January of 2016 and October of 2017, SOMEBODY blew up 28 Hamas and Islamic Jihad attack tunnels. In GAZA. It was commando action. The tunnels are state secrets. Only one or two people know where they all are. Someone infiltrated, killed all the terrorists, blew up the tunnel, and escaped. Twenty-eight times. Israel herself blew up the 29th tunnel, killing the entire command staff of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. The Israelis are using new technology to find the tunnels, and they're building an underground concrete wall all around Gaza. Think of this: Israel's best allies are people who can go ANYWHERE and get to ANYONE. How? I have a theory. The Gulf Cooperation Council has thousands of expatriates from all over the world. Kids are born in the GCC and grow up speaking fluent Arabic. I think they're being recruited into special-operations units. This is a ""Syrian civilian"" named Hassan Hassan. Look how he's standing. It's called ""at ease."" Look how fit he is. Look at the guy on the left, cracking up. Hassan Hassan was interviewed at a spa that had reopened. A spa?! In the middle of a war? Well, the spa owner broadly hinted that everyone who came there was protected. EVERYONE in the Middle East has suffered for centuries. I think the NEW ethos is to alleviate suffering, first and foremost. As Mohammed bin Salman said, just ""be normal and contribute."" So I think the Israelis and the Arabs have cooked up ideas that nobody EVER thought possible. And the guy backing them to the hilt? There are only TWO Europoid people in that entire room: and . Has that ever happened before? Israel WON. She's safe. She has REAL friends finally. And the best is yet to come... ADDENDUM: Well, that's a new criticism. A guy is angry at me for ""only observing."" ""Standing on the sidelines and not offering solutions."" He wants me to give advice to Trump, Netanyahu, and the Saudis. Social media makes people utterly crazy, doesn't it...?"
" Assad was elected in 2000. He ran unopposed. He uses men called ""shabiha"" (ghosts) to rape, torture, and murder all political opposition. Assad is a state sponsor of terrorism, and he's assassinated Lebanese politicians for years. He kills Christians as well as Muslims. I seem to be the only commentator on the face of the earth who understands one thing: The war is being fought by governments that have a PERSONAL interest in protecting all of Syria's citizens. This is the Gulf Cooperation Council: Antonov/Taqnia An-132, the first indigenous SAUDI design. This is an electronic-warfare (EW) variant. The Gulf Cooperation Council is moving off of oil and entering the aviation, defense, and high-tech markets. Another ACTUAL vehicle. You've seen the changes sweeping Saudi Arabia: first female minister, disbanding the religious police, women driving... For their SURVIVAL, the Gulf Arabs have changed. AND I also believe the change is based on morality. The jihadist rebels in Syria have been wiped out. It was the Gulf Cooperation Council that did it. This town threw out AL-QAEDA. Al-Qaeda said, ""Let us back in, or we're attack and kill you all."" The people of Darat Izza refused, and al-Qaeda went away. ALL people in Syria are being protected. You need to forget about Obama. He was an idiot. In the new world, the US will help IF ASKED. The US isn't making the decisions here. The Middle East is making the decisions. It's not up to us what happens..."
" Afrin, Syria. The Turks appear ready to invade with their ancient tanks. CNN reported that this operation would ""throw diplomatic relations"" between the US and Turkey ""into chaos."" GUESS WHAT? CNN was lying. ""The U.S. Defense Department on Friday dismissed comments that a Turkish military operation against the PYD/PKK-held city of Afrin in northern Syria would throw diplomatic relations between Ankara and Washington into chaos."" I figured out what's going on now. More Trumpian brilliance. First, you need to understand that there are no such people as ""the Kurds."" Instead, there are political parties and militias comprised of Kurdish people. The US is helping the Kurdish people in northeastern Syria. Afrin is the yellow blob in northwestern Syria. The Turks are flat-out lying when they say that the US is trying to build a 30,000-man ""border force"" in Afrin. Tillerson went to Turkey to try and reason with Erdogan. But I saw a speech Erdogan gave in which he claims that Turkey won the war in Iraq. So he's insane and will be left to his own devices. So the Afrin Kurds have been playing footsie with Russia and Assad. Both Russian and Iranian advisers are in Afrin. Therefore the Afrin Kurds are on their own. The Russians say they won't help Turkey, and Assad says he's going to shoot down Turkish aircraft. So basically Erdo is being set up. We're not going to stop him, and neither is Russia. My guess is that the men with no discernible nationality will probably--PROBABLY--do some pretty serious damage to the Turks. Then the Turks will declare victory and limp home. Again. Did you know that in 2015, Turkey built a special-forces camp in Qatar? The Turks were going to FIGHT! They haven't. All they do is sit there. I think the Turks have been silently thwarted at every turn. Not ONE of their grand designs have come to fruition. And ""experts"" make fun of me for talking about the armed forces of the Gulf Cooperation Council. Well, why are the Turks pretty much impotent now? They talk a good game, but they never follow through on their threats. I think Erdogan keep waking up with horse heads in his bed. Doesn't he LOOK like he keeps waking up with horse heads in his bed? You develop that weird semi-transparent, dusty appearance right before you crap out. He's hearing things in the night. No doubt..."
" PERFECT. Remember that DISGUSTING performance by the reedy, whiny academy head? THAT was about making black people into INFANTS. How in the hell can be in the air force if WORDS make you incapable of functioning? The alleged slurs were transparently fake. They were a leftist's idea of how racists speak. And then General Pipsqueak telling everyone that they need to be outraged. GUESS WHAT, GENERAL? Even if the slurs had been REAL, I would not have been outraged. Here's what I would've said to people who complained: ""Ignore it. We've got LOTS of more important things to worry about."" So the general made a complete fool out of himself AND the academy. Time to GROW UP, America. Black people aren't toddlers. They'll survive racial slurs. The REASON the black cadet wrote the words is because he wanted ATTENTION an he wanted to PLAY THE VICTIM. Read up on Eugene Bullard sometime. I was lucky enough to find an original postcard of him. He was a boxer who became the first black American pilot. First he flew the Nieuport 17 Then he flew the SPAD 7. In those days, the aircraft had a habit of SHEDDING THEIR WINGS. You can't fly with no wings. General Pipsqueak and all the delicate, heartbroken cadets in the Air Force Academy should be ashamed of themselves. Eugene Bullard would've laughed himself sick at these pathetic antics. "
" Let's look at a story. ""The military wing of the Southern Transitional Council (STC), a political movement demanding secession for southern Yemen, seized control of government headquarters."" Looks pretty bad, doesn't it? Well, let's look at OTHER stories. ""General Omar Said Subaihi, commander of the southern resistance forces — one of three main factions that make up Yemen’s forces — was killed by rebel snipers at the beginning of the offensive in Dhubab."" So we find ONE sentence in ANOTHER article that shows that the Southern Resistance is actually working WITH the Coalition to Hodaidah. How's THAT going? ""Backed by massive air support from Saudi-led coalition fighter jets, government forces attacked Hays town after clearing its suburbs of landmines and IEDs."" ""Government forces paused their advance as the coalition’s fighter jets and helicopters hit Al Houthi defences in the town."" ""Meanwhile, in the southern city of Taiz, another raging battlefield, Major General Khalid Fadhel, the commander of government troops in Taiz, said his forces have made gains on the western and eastern edges of Taiz."" ""In northern province of Saada, Al Houthis’ main bastion, Saba reported that government forces advanced into Bouqa region after taking control of a mountain and killing and injuring several Al Houthis."" I count TEN simultaneously ground offensives on at least four fronts, all over Yemen. Remember: Strategic deception. ""When strong, appear weak."" --Sun Tzu, The Art of War..."
" All good things to those who wait. When I wrote my flamethrower books, I contacted every expert in the world on the Turkish army. I also contacted the Army Museum and other institutions in Turkey. Nobody could tell me whether or not the Turks had static flamethrowers in World War I. The information had simply vanished over the years. In the past, newspapers had what are called ""morgues."" All the photos they used. These are original images that were physically sent from newspaper to newspaper. As newspapers went out of business, private individuals bought their morgues. Many of the images go to giant conglomerates such as Getty. They charge astronomical prices to use their images. But several newspaper morgues are sold image by image online. You have to be patient, and you have to look carefully. So: I now own an original image of Turkish soldiers using a German Model 1916 Large Flamethrower. I'm the only person in the world with this image. After we move to Las Vegas, I'm going to publish large-format, soft-cover books of all the assault troops in World War I. They'll be cheap books, so the information can be shared. And THIS image will be included in the book on Turkey..."
" Last night I told you that something was up. I was right. This was part of it. ""A Syrian / Hezbollah ammunition depot near Quneitra was blown up."" ""It seems that the situation under the surface in the province of Kuneitra is very tumultuous. Surprises pop up from every corner."" ""After a Syrian warplane was shot down after Beit Jann, the Syrian army stopped all aerial activity in the area, as if it had imposed a 'no-pilot zone' in the entire Kuneitra district."" ""Today, at first light, the entire area north of Quneitra woke up with a dull explosion, followed by a column of smoke in the area of ​​Ein al-Nuriya, north of Khan Arnabeh, the stronghold of the Iranians / Hezbollah and the Syrian army."" The Russians have declared victory in Syria, so my guess is that they're headed home. Assad, the mullahs, and Hezbollah will have to deal with this sort of thing on their own. Care to take any bets on how THAT will turn out?"
" Two thoughts: ""Flat affect"" and ""microexpressions."" We've talked about flat affect a lot. It means the inability to convey emotions with your face. Every photo of the Charlottesville killer shows a totally blank face. Flat affect is a sign of catastrophic mental illness. You see it a lot in politicians and government bureaucrats. ""Microexpressions"" are the involuntary flashes of emotion that people show between words or before or after expressing a thought. This is the PROPER definition of microexpressions: ""Our faces often reveal hidden sentiments that are being intentionally concealed."" That's it. Don't read any more into it. Microexpressions are REAL, but they aren't magic. I use them ONLY to determine if a person is a weirdo or not. Case in point. She was just asked a question, and her face did this. I used a reporter's utterly demented microexpression to make this video. All I did was clip out the expression and then run it backwards and forwards, adding my own soundtrack. See, you can do TONS with microexpressions. These are single frames captured while he turned his head in about one second. Now, this TWELVE STRAIGHT MINUTES of extreme emotion and unscripted speech. NO flat affect, and NO creepy microexpressions. He's not ranting. Not even remotely. But look at THIS guy. Holy smokes! What the hell? Now, this is NOT a blank face. I don't know a THING about . I have no idea what his personal life is like. It's not possible for me to determine the PRECISE emotion here, but there IS emotion. AND. His face changes. Therefore he does NOT have flat affect. THIS freaks me out. This doesn't. I see a GUARDED man, and at the time, someone was unfairly reaming him. That's the context of his expression. In the end, and support . Good enough for me... ADDENDUM: We should add the infamous ""curdling smile,"" which is not technically a microexpression, but it's in the same ballpark... "
" I'll tell you something: No offense against Catholics, okay? But. When I lived in Tyler, Texas, from 1972 to 1975, there was a fad for foul-mouthed nuns. The nuns at my Catholic school didn't wear anything that identified them as nuns, and they all used profanity. It was supposed to make them hip. You know, like the kids, with their hair and bop lingo. It was agony trying to not laugh myself sick when Sister Rose would drop an eff bomb and wait for a reaction. Then Cheech and Chong released ""Sister Mary Elephant."" OMG. Whenever the nuns cussed, I'd hear Sister Mary Elephant screaming, and I'd almost die. This swearing thing is a sign of total failure. It's waving a white flag of surrender..."
" just made me realize WHY the accusations against Roy Moore were made. The answer is so simple that I missed it. Women suddenly began coming forward in droves, telling us their experiences in Hollywood, the media, and Washington. So the Democrats figured that everyone would simply ACCEPT the accusations against Moore. They miscalculated. Think about how morally corrupt you have to be to USE this issue to dispose of someone simply because you disagree with him. For me, the Moore accusations didn't pass the smell test AFTER I RESEARCHED THE MAN. I've heard rumors about actors, producers, directors, politicians, news anchors, and so on. When you research the life of the accused, the accusations generally become more and more plausible. The more I learned about Roy Moore, the LESS plausible the accusations became. Actors have said for over a century that Hollywood is a pit of sexual abuse. The same thing has been said about news rooms and Washington. One of the best films ever made is ""To Die For."" In one scene, a TV producer describes how a famous news anchor got her job by totally degrading herself sexually. The accusations we're hearing are PLAUSIBLE, given what we know about these industries. Roy Moore has ZERO history of abuse or abusive behavior. And he has a FORTY-YEAR record that we can scrutinize. Moore's enemies stupidly forgot about CONTEXT. Roy Moore is not Hollywood, the media, or Washington. The accusations are--in my opinion--totally WITHOUT MERIT. See, the OTHER accusations are actually about CULTURES more than INDIVIDUALS. Roy Moore is not a CULTURE. Very simple-minded people thought that they could simply make accusations, and the accused would be simply destroyed. They were wrong. I believe that the corner has been turned, and that Judge Moore will win. Bravo, Judge. Keep fighting. Finally, women aren't the only people who are violently sexually assaulted. False accusations are a special kind of crime. They victimize the falsely accused AND those who were genuinely assaulted. If Judge Moore wins, I hope we see the end of this especially vile form of abuse. Hang your head in shame, Gloria Allred. You betrayed so many people..."
" This is why you can't read just the headlines. ""Lawyers for the conservative publication Washington Free Beacon informed the House Intelligence Committee Friday..."" ""That the organization was the original funder for the anti-Trump opposition research project with Fusion GPS."" Well... ""The Free Beacon had no knowledge of or connection to the Steele dossier, did not pay for the dossier..."" ""And never had contact with, knowledge of, or provided payment for any work performed by Christopher Steele."" So the ORIGINAL story is misleading. This is why you have to be careful..."
" asks a question. I became obsessed with proving the truth about Ismail, Mohammed, Ahed, and Zakaria Bakr, the four little boys ""killed on the beach"" in Gaza. Over a period of a year, I worked daily on trying to find the truth. I had lots of anonymous help. Gaza is a very secretive place. People sent me the names of the streets and buildings. They also sent me photos. Through a contact, I bought all the raw footage taken by Palestinian videographers on the beach that day. That allowed me to solve the case. Hamas killed the boys the day before the ""attack."" The boys were electrocuted, which prevents rigor mortis. All the injuries were inflicted postmortem. Hamas chose the Bakr family because they are the most powerful supporters of Fatah in Gaza. The boys were killed offsite, brought to the beach, and placed in the steel shipping container and a steel trash bin. The Israelis were given false information by a double agent. An IDF aerial platform fired a small missile at the shipping container, where the body of Ismail Bakr had been placed. All the other explosions were IEDs meant to simulate missile strikes. We have irrefutable proof. The first ""missile strike."" This is the shipping container at the moment of the explosion. Wasn't hit by anything. To make a VERY long story short, I figured out exactly what happened. Then I tried to make a documentary about it. But the director I hired took my money and then made a documentary that gave the Palestinians equal time. He interviewed TERRORISTS. So I demanded that he take my name off the movie and take me out of it. The whole thing died, just as the Bakr boys did. I made a very long timeline that tells you exactly what happened. Lots and lots of anonymous people helped me get to the truth. I wanted to expose the murderers, but the director got cold feet. The raw video I bought from the Palestinian cameramen proves that this was a deception operation years in the planning. And every western journalist on the scene took part in the deception. They all lied. Every single one of them. The Israelis would be crazy to let any western journalist cover any future war with Palestinian terrorists. Western journalists want to destroy Israel. The Gulf Cooperation Council fights in total secrecy. When accused of war crimes, they say, ""Take us to the International Criminal Court."" And nobody does. EVER. I support Israel, but Israelis are conflicted about defending themselves. They also let liars smear them. The GCC comes after you and makes you wish your mother had never met your father. I'm more of a GCC kind of guy. I want the armed forces I support to be like this. He didn't blink for two straight minutes, out in the desert. See, if he'd blinked, he would've momentarily lost sight of the person he was intending to kill. So he didn't blink. I'd love to have lunch with him..."
" I never understood why people are so impressed with Hezbollah. This video from Syria shows what I always knew. Two guys shoot into the ground. One guy shoots into the sky. Another guy shoots into the ground. Untrained Middle Eastern militia hop sideways when they shoot. So does Hezbollah. Totalitarian governments are too afraid of coups to train their men well. Hezbollah serves mainly as jailers for the Iranian mullahs. They hold all of Lebanon prisoner. The most dishonest reporting ever done was on the 2006 Lebanon war. What ACTUALLY happened was two things: The Israelis had decided that they no longer needed to train their reserves, AND defense minister Amir Peretz convinced Prime Minister Ehud Olmert that the war could be won with air power alone. Hezbollah fired over 700 Russian 9M133 Kornet antitank guided missiles. They destroyed a grand total of three Israeli tanks. The poorly trained Israeli reserves rallied, and they inflicted massive casualties on Hezbollah. But the United States forced Israel to stop fighting, and Hezbollah was attributed skills that it never had. In November of 2015, I discovered a ""Syrian rebel"" group called Jaysh al-Thuwar. Army of Revolutionaries. These are secular Arabs with no outside patron. Yet they have air support, and they use thermobaric weapons. Watch the man in the brown shirt, at the end of the video. He wrapped the sling of his rifle around his left hand to prevent the recoil from causing the barrel to rise. He fired ten rounds to the side, while running forward. All ten rounds hit in the same place. Jaysh al-Thuwar has never lost a battle. They fought jihadists exclusively. NOT the Islamic State, but all the OTHER jihadists. Jaysh al-Thuwar also fought the Turks, using the most power antitank guided missiles ever built. This M-60 Patton was atomized. This is a PRIMARY explosion, meaning the missile warhead did this. An antitank guided missile has a high-explosive antitank (HEAT) warhead. It's a copper cone called a ""shaped charge."" The pink stuff is high explosive. The high explosive melts the copper cone into a jet that cuts through a tank's armor. A tank can survive a HEAT warhead. So the Gulf Cooperation Council created a fuel-air explosive antitank missile that simply breaks the tank into tiny pieces using a massive shock wave. In 1990, the Israelis created explosive gases that are more than ten times more powerful than high explosive. Ten times = 1000 percent. Therefore a small missile can atomize an entire tank. It's a ""We Are Not Screwing Around"" missile. This is a REALLY fascinating situation: Hezbollah has the reputation of being formidable, when in fact it's crap. The GCC armed forces have the reputation of being mediocre, when in fact they can topple nations. I knew all of this by August of 2015. But I STILL can't predict the GCC. It appears that Israel will get the credit for driving Iran from Arab lands. I did NOT see that coming. It's brilliant. The Israelis hit more than 50 Iranian targets in one night. They aren't screwing around. AND the GCC is saying, ""You go, Israelis!"" Amazing. I always say, ""All will be well,"" but I was wrong. All is ALREADY WELL..."
" PERFECT! comes right out and CONFIRMS that leftists use George Orwell's ""1984"" as a manual. In ""1984"" the English Socialist Party--Ingsoc--has three slogans: THESE are the slogans of the American Democratic Party, or Amdem: Truth is despicable. Egalitarianism is racist. Research is hilarious. Who knew that so many of our fellow citizens are virulently insane and motivated entirely by hate? Mind boggling... "
" tells me that the old commando said, ""Here we have the latest advancement in Daesh weaponry."" ""The idiots also use it as a washer AND A drier."" I knew from his deadpan delivery that he was saying something like that. See the old commando's phone? Peryphon TA-1087 REG. It's a VOIP phone. Guess where it's made? Ha."
" The Democrats are the party of lawlessness. The FBI Office of Professional Responsibility recommended that McCabe be fired for lying to the DOJ Inspector General. swore an oath to uphold the law, but he's now offering to help McCabe escape the consequences of his actions. So there can no longer be any doubt: The Democrats believe that the law does not apply to fellow Democrats. Is this what you want, America? A lawless political party? The FBI itself told the Department of Justice that McCabe had to pay for his lying. is telling the entire country that breaking the law should have no consequences. This is the face of lawless Marxist monarchism, a form of government that Barack Obama created. Whether or not McCabe gets his pension is not the REAL story. The REAL story is, How are you going to let the Democrats exempt themselves from the law? I was born in lawless Venezuela. All foreigners carried a ""jail pack"" in the trunk of their car. The police and National Guard could arrest you at any time, without charging you for a crime. Your jail pack had a hammock, food, soap, shaving gear, and two changes of clothes. The jails had no beds, but they had hooks in the ceilings for hammocks. So you went to jail for two days until the cops or National Guard could be bribed to let you go. IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT HERE? The Democrats are the party of lawlessness. The only way to stop their lawlessness is to strip them of political power. If you don't do it, we deserve everything we get..."
" On my deathbed, I'll look back on this era, emit a stream of profanity, and croak. EVERYONE is hysterical. ""Bolton’s firm belief in the purifying power of regime change, his confidence in the efficacy of war and distrust of measures short of war, suggest he’s more likely to steer the Trump administration in an even more hardline direction."" Neither Trump ""supporters"" nor detractors credit him with being in charge. I've never seen anything like it. Here's what gets me: People say crazy-ass things, get proven wrong, and then just move on to the next crazy-ass thing. It reminds me of a guy I knew in college. He'd tell these long stories about how he did something amazing, like foil a bank robbery. ""You're lying,"" I'd say. ""I know,"" he'd answer, and then he'd go on with the story. Do people take pleasure in CREATING anymore? The only reason I did this myself is that I got tired of being shined on by ""professionals"" who promised me the moon and delivered nothing. You wouldn't BELIEVE the effort that went into making that thing. First I had to find Major Reddemann's history of the imperial German flamethrower arm. Then I had to find the history of the imperial German engineer arm. It turns out that Major Reddemann told two different stories, so I had to find war diaries to see which version was correct. I also had to track down the origins of the SEVEN different models of flamethrowers used. Finally, in the battle sequence, I used recordings of all the REAL weapons. Flamethrowers, grenades, and all the pistols, automatic rifles, and machine guns. The battle sequence has at least forty audio tracks. I also found Germans and Russians shouting. There's a movie about German shock troops. The battle scenes are...frustrating. It was filmed in sound stages. But that movie is propaganda, so it's romanticized. I didn't want to make propaganda. The facts speak for themselves. What I realized happened on a micro scale has now happened on a macro scale: They got rid of flamethrowers because people were too stupid and emotional to understand how they worked. The flamethrower is the only weapon ever created that makes people MORE afraid the more they're exposed to it. So at Skrobowa, the Germans, Austrians, and Russians butchered each other for three months. Then flamethrowers ended the stalemate in one hour. But we can't bring back flamethrower regiments, because the world would fill its diapers. It's more moral to kill than to scare. If you lived to be a billion years old, would that ever make sense to you? It freaked me out to see that people were so irrational about flamethrowers. They actually preferred mass slaughter to scaring people. And now I'm seeing that same irrationality on a mass scale, about...everything. How do you people keep your hysteria going for more than two years now? That's not normal. It isn't possible for you to live productive, happy lives while being hysterical about everything. You know what the hysteria-mongers are? They're what the EPA calls ""gross polluters."" BUT. There's a difference. If you stop consuming this horseshit, the gross polluters will stop putting it out. But you WILL NOT STOP. My father was happy only when he was miserable. Fifty years of THAT was enough. What happens after the Democrats gloat? Every time? You've forgotten, haven't you? You've become people who say that mass slaughter is more moral than scaring the enemy into surrender. It's a worldview, yes. But it's not mine..."
" The pathological says that Congress must declare war in order for Trump to take military action. Let's look at the powers that would have in a declared state of war. The War Powers Act of 1941 gave the president the power to shape the Executive Branch as he saw fit. The president was also given the power to organize all independent government agencies and corporations as he saw fit. The president was given the authority to read and censor all domestic mail. The War Powers Act of 1942 allowed the president to seize any land he wanted. There was no legal way to prevent this. Confidentiality of census data was removed so that the FBI could identity and round up Japanese-Americans. By declaring war, Congress authorized the president to green light the creation of atomic bombs. The president was allowed to stop the export of all agricultural products, and farmers were told what to grow. A congressional declaration of war gives the president control over all transportation in the US. The president can tell manufacturers what to build, and if they refuse, he can seize their assets. And they have no legal recourse to prevent it. FDR also interpreted his powers as allowing for wiretaps, audits, nullifying business contracts, ordering manufacturing without reasonable compensation. This falls under ""Beware what you wish for, because you just might get it."" I have no doubt that Congress WOULD declare war under Trump. If that happened, Democrats could thank Ted Lieu. Imagine Donald Trump with unlimited powers. THAT is what Ted Lieu is pushing. LET'S DO IT, TED. I'm not worried about handing the entire country over to Trump. YOU guys will end up wishing your mothers had never met your fathers. What's not to love...?"
" In which demonstrates why western leftist politicians and analysts are useless. This is the original title of the article. Talk about a demented non sequitur. Lebanon has not been kind to itself. If Canada invaded California, I wouldn't respond by killing everyone on my street. And of course we have this: ""Combined with earlier moves, this means that [Mohammed bin Salman] now essentially has gone after every one of the regime’s traditional pillars."" ""Some wonder whether, untested and unseasoned, he might have provoked too many enemies at the same time. What he lacks in experience he more than makes up for in ambition however."" After three straight years of the Saudis demonstrating unparalleled military prowess, Mohammed bin Salman is still ""inexperience,"" untested,"" and ""unseasoned."" Saudi Arabia is currently fighting FIVE wars: Yemen, Syria, Iraq, Lebanon, and South America. I say that because I watch videos and recognize the weapons and the training. And the Saudis are in the Pacific too. They've signed military agreements with Japan, for example. At minimum, Saudi instructors are in Japan. Robert Malley's view of Saudi Arabia is stuck in 1991. Here's what STILL freaks me out: If I can see what's happening, why can't the ""experts""? The answer, of course, is that they're not experts. I made every one of my guesses based on reports of combat and videos of combat. These ""experts"" avoid information and images of combat. Combat is yucky. ""As for the U.S.: Unpredictable and inconstant in so many ways, President Trump has been consistent in one regard at least, which is a belligerency toward Iran that has become the hallmark of his administration’s Mideast policy."" How ODD That Trump would be ""belligerent"" toward a country that kills our soldiers. arms our enemies, and shouts, ""Death to America! Pass the salt, please."" This piece in the Atlantic is all about words. The only thing that matters to leftists is words. Trump and Mohammed bin Salman are agents of change. Their words are strategic deception. And Robert Malley is deceived. Hamas is asking Palestinian Islamic Jihad to behave. Mosul is free. Raqqa is free. Yemen has been ""poised for humanitarian disaster"" for three years. It's not happening. Malley will simply never accept that ARABS KNOW WHAT THEY'RE DOING. You know what convinced me? RESEARCH. I didn't just wake up one morning and start spouting guess that I'd made up. All my guesses are based on REPORTS and VIDEOS. The United States is now giving the Lebanese army advanced military technology. Leftists are saying that Hezbollah is so strong that it controls the Lebanese army. Would Trump give advanced military technology to the Lebanese army if Hezbollah controlled it? Leftists never ask themselves these questions. The answer is that there's NO CHANCE IN HELL that Trump would give advanced military technology to the Lebanese army if Hezbollah controlled it. Therefore the Lebanese army liberated itself from Hezbollah. How? Tens of thousands of Arab strategic special operators entered the country and put on Lebanese uniforms. Here's another thing Robert Malley will never admit: Lebanese generals know what they're doing. They don't need somebody to hold their hand. So the generals suddenly had thousands of commandos AT THEIR DISPOSAL. The commandos are under the orders of the Lebanese. The Lebanese aren't idiots. They're don't want to demolish their own country. So the first step is to extricate the armed forces from Hezbollah. Done. The next step is for the US and other countries to arm and train the Lebanese. Ongoing. If and when the Lebanese want it, thousands of commandos will neutralize Hezbollah. But it won't happen until the Lebanese make the call. That's what happened in Yemen and Iraq, and it happened in Kurdish Syria. This is all new. That's why Robert Malley will never grasp it..."
" So NOW, the security forces are gathering in large numbers...WHERE NOTHING IS HAPPENING. Also the government is EDITING the words of protesters. And the government is putting on forced pro-regime marches. I don't get a ""Nothing to worry about"" vibe from this. Looks like desperation to me. And this is happening. Wait for it... Los Angeles. Look at the sign on the far right. LOS ANGELES... "
" News you hear only from me. Lieutenant General Valery Asapov, Ground Forces of the Russian Federation. Commanding officer of Russian military advisers in Syria. Killed on September 25, 2017. The Russians say he was killed by Islamic State mortar fire at Deir Ezzor. Not a chance. THE COMMANDER OF THE RUSSIAN ADVISORY MISSION TO SYRIA would not be on the front lines. He was a lieutenant general. The Russians don't lose them in combat. Unfortunately for him, Asapov was targeted. Syrian Arab Army Brigadier General Issam Zahreddine was killed October 18, 2017. He was said to have been killed by a land mine. There's no video footage of either Asapov or Zahreddine in combat. What's happening is that somebody is now picking off Russian and Syrian general officers. Every commander of every jihadist rebel group has been killed. Hezbollah and Iran lost all their commanders. I mean, the TOP guys. The literal number-one men. The Russians have lost several, but they're not saying how many. And now the Syrian commanders are leaving us. After October of 2015, the Iraqis didn't lose a single commander. The highest ranking Iraqi officers walked the streets one block over from the fighting. They had multiple layers of protection. For one thing, there were aerial platforms. What kind? No idea. Did you see what this gum-chewing guy with the mustache (left) did? With one hand, he frisked the old guy completely. Checked his left hand, under his coat, and around his waist. ""Scuse me while I frisk this guy."" One of the general's bodyguards (left) is armed with hand grenades. He's not kidding around. He shakes hands with a ""civilian."" The bodyguard holds a live hand grenade in his left hand, and the ""civilian"" has heavy body armor under his jacket. He's a commando. Watch this. The frisker (front) passes a signal through multiple men. There are hidden commandos high up. They were all just signaled that the walk is finished. They all go inside. Iraqi Lieutenant General Abdul Wahab al-Saadi is the Deputy Commander of the Counter Terrorism Service. He walked all over Mosul with only an aide and one armed bodyguard. The same people protecting the Iraqi generals are coming after the Syrian and Russian generals. It has to be done in order for all of this to stop. Examples must be made... ADDENDUM: I just saw something. The bodyguard (far left) is using a Pakistani or Indian naval salute. He's a naval commando. "
" Not a chance. The CIA Special Activities Center Political Action Group (SAC/PAG) would be the ones who would get involved in Iran. They weren't. Trump and Pompeo understand that the US can't overthrow governments. The Law of Unintended Consequences always causes ""blowback."" The Iranian opposition have made it absolutely clear that they don't want the US to take direct action. Trump honors that request because it's SMART. The world needs to accept that the CIA of today does not operate the way it did in the past. You claim that the CIA is behind the uprisings in Iran. Well? Why are the mullahs still there? The CIA couldn't organize nationwide protests in Iran under any circumstances. THIS uprising is completely different from ANYTHING the CIA has ever done. Trump recognizes that a ""solution"" imposed from the outside never works. He's only said so a million times. The idea that the CIA is staging coups is so old school that it's too boring to discuss. What you NEED to do is study videos from Yemen, Syria, Iraq, and Iran. THOSE will tell you what's actually happening. Westerners should STOP thinking of Middle Easterners as children who are hapless victims of more advanced cultures. It may shock you to contemplate this, but IRANIANS know better than we do how to bring about regime change. The reality is that the US is not interfering in Iran. Middle Easterners are far more patient than we are. The Iranians BEGAN the process of regime change themselves. It's going to take a while, but the outcome is not in question. And you need to understand that the CIA has made incredible blunders in Central Asia and the Middle East. They're aren't the Super Spooks you portray them as being. Every single time people try to free themselves, we hear accusations that the CIA is behind it. You're not giving Iranians credit for wanting improvement. Apparently you think that Iranians are by nature fit only to be enslaved. I disagree with you. Iranians long to be and DESERVE TO BE free. And they WILL be free. THEY know best how to bring about regime change. Trump and Pompeo are LISTENING. We now wait to be asked. Your worldview needs a tuneup. Badly..."
" This is the funniest, most mortifying thing you'll ever see. Thanks for the nauseated laugh, . As I always say, leftists care only about WORDS. This ridiculous senator is talking about ""shithole"" again, only now he's saying it made him cry, and it's a sign of a conspiracy against all black people. The Democrats are the party of mental patients. Booker slipped up and said, ""I hurt, and for you not to feel that hate."" We KNOW you hate, Senator. We GET it..."
" Well, a Turk tricked me. I had to delete a thread about this video. I was told that the video showed the YPG destroying a Turkish tank, but it actually shows the Houthis blowing up an abandoned Saudi M1 Abrams tank in Jazan. The Houthis put out these videos to pretend that they're destroying invading forces, but these tanks are in Saudi Arabia. Only UAE Leclerc tanks are used in Yemen. No M1 Abrams. The M1 Abrams has an ammunition storage bin at the back of the turret. It has ""blow out panels"" to channel the explosion of the ammunition upward. You can see the panels flying upward. Then the ammunition burns. Here's an Iraqi M1 Abrams. The missile hits the ammunition bin, and the blow-out panels prevent the tank from being destroyed. A blast-proof door separates the ammunition bin from the interior of the tank. So it LOOKS bad, but the tank survives and is repaired. When the Houthis attacked Jazan, the Saudis puled back, leaving behind equipment such as tanks. Then the Houthis filmed themselves blowing up empty tanks and claiming victory. This writer thinks that the Saudi M1 Abrams were destroyed in Yemen. But the Saudis haven't sent any tanks into Yemen. All the tanks there are Emirati Leclecs, a French tank. The Saudis lost 20 M1 Abrams and bought 153. Rather than lose troops, the Saudis pull back. Then the Houthis put on a show. What happened to ME is that a Turk posing as a Kurd got me to post a video. HORRORS! That means...nothing. I'm a guy on Twitter. Fooling me won't change anything. The Turks are obsessed with how the world perceives them. I am indifferent to how the world perceives me. Hurra, Turkey! Now I know who the fakers are. D'OH...!"
" Let's see if I can write this in the way I want. This will be a challenge, because I'm not masking comparisons. I'm using an analogy. Both Turkey and Iran were showcased as secular Muslim countries. In both cases, secularism was imposed by force. Lethal force. Clerics were killed. The religion was BANNED. Now, I'm not comparing any two religions. But. In those two countries, the people had their religion STOLEN from them. What eventually happened? They took BACK their religion by force. I don't believe for a second that we're headed for a religious war here. But I do believe that leftists would happily steal conservative Christianity from the people who practice it. The entire issue has been deliberately mishandled in order to present conservative Christians as bigots who must be brought to heel. The reality is that people practice their beliefs in good faith. They AREN'T bigots. They're following the tenets of their religion. The OTHER side doesn't actually give the slightest damn about the actual PEOPLE who they claim to support. This is 100 percent about politics. Power. Oppression. Did the country blow up over the issue of gay marriage? No. The Christian conservatives PROVED their morality. In many ways, legalizing gay marriage was a flop. So then people had to be forced to do OTHER things. The goal is to keep the issue a permanent thorn in the side of the entire country. It's despicable. It's also backfiring. In the end, leftists have no platform. All they can do is attack. Give Trump two terms, and the entire old way of doing things will be dead. Gay marriage isn't radical. TRUMP is radical. He's radical to a degree that very few people can appreciate. Just you wait. You'll see."
" This is MY opinion. I'm not speaking for . There's a ""blame America first"" mindset. Obama had it. He was the first anti-American president. Obama wasn't trying to BUILD UP Iran; he was OPPOSING the United States. The ""reasoning"" is that all countries that hate the US have legitimate grievances. So Obama wasn't trying SPECIFICALLY to help Iran. He simply agreed to every single demand that the Iranians made. The historian Victor Davis Hanson speaks of the ""therapeutic view of geopolitics."" In this view, all conflict is the result of misunderstandings. EVERY country wants to get along, so all we need to do is GIVE IN more and more and more and more. Obama is EMBARRASSED to be an American. This is his view of Americans. The reality is that Americans aren't monolithic. That man in the photo has nothing in common with American leftists from New York City. In the end, Obama was a very simple-minded president. His solutions were childish. I believe that Obama never thinks about the future. Therefore when it came to Iran, he didn't have a long-term goal. Obama's only motivation was to differentiate himself from all previous presidents. If you look at all the members of the Obama administration, you see that they're all lightweights. They're like characters in a MOVIE about the presidency. So MY OWN opinion is that Obama didn't have a specific plan to make Iran more powerful. I think Obama and John Kerry are incredibly superficial people who PRETEND to be in charge, but it's all style over substance. One thing I know for SURE: Obama never thought that someday Iran would have nuclear weapons and would threaten the entire Middle East. Obama just didn't think that far into the future. He's like the United Nations. Talk, talk, talk, talk and then go to dinner..."
" I was right. The Iranian protests were nationwide reconnaissance. Tricks of the repressive forces in the uprising - Part One. Tricks of the repressive forces in the uprising - Part Two. These two videos are extremely important, because they show that professionals took part in the the protests and noted EVERYTHING. There were protests all over the entire country at the same time. THOSE protests were NOT intended to overthrow the mullahs. They were reconnaissance, surveillance, and intelligence-gathering. Remember this? Middle Easterners are patient, and they take the long view. Saudi modernization efforts began in 1975. Where we are TODAY in Saudi Arabia is the result of the plan that was put in place in 1975. The Iranian protests were the creation of a network. Do you know how the human brain works? When you learn new things, it creates new connections between your brain cells. New information is stored in multiple places that all become connected. The Iranians learned that the mullahs are unable to deal with a nationwide uprising. The PACE of videos being created is now GREATER than it was before. And now the Iranians are saying, ""We will overthrow Khamenei"" in plain language. Americans in Iraq are headed to a ""different theater of operations."" This means that the Iraqis don't fear an Iranian takeover, as there was before. explains why the regime is on the verge of collapse. You don't need to speak Farsi to understand. The security forces are joining the uprising. I thought that the Iranians would need a massively bloody revolution in order to be free, but I was wrong. The Iranians will free themselves by recruiting the security forces. The tipping point will be when enough security forces have joined the uprising. Then Iran will be free, and the Middle East will be peaceful and stable. This is now a GUARANTEE. It can't be stopped. We live in amazing times..."
" Amazing, even for Islamists. ""They’ve been bombing in my country and I wanted to do damage here.” He's from Bangladesh. Let's see who's been bombing Bangladesh. Nobody. That is to say, not a single country on Earth. You know who REALLY effed up the Bangladeshis? PAKISTAN. MUSLIMS. They killed about 3 million Bangladeshis in 1971. The Pakistani army and their allied militia Jamaat e Islami ALSO raped almost 500,000. MUSLIMS, not non-Muslim Americans. So we have a 27-year-old Bangladeshi immigrant trying to blow up New Yorkers for literally no reason at all. Just because he's homicidal. But TRUMP is the problem! How many times has TRUMP set off a suicide bomb on the sidewalk? When we let people into the country, we must first ask them, ""Are you insane? Do you blame Americans for what your fellow Muslims did 45 years ago?"" If they say, ""Death to America because death to America!"" then we get to say, ""BAD immigrant. Go home to Bangladesh."" We're not in the wrong here, regardless of what leftists say..."
" May we live in irrational times. Rosenstein appointed Mueller to take over an existing FBI investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election. The idea that it's unconstitutional is demented. But THIS is what all these people are saying: Trump is unfit to be president. Gregg Jarrett is saying that Trump is too stupid to defend himself against blatant criminal action by the Department of Justice. Jarrett himself doesn't believe that. The REALITY is that whatever anyone else notices, Trump noticed it LONG before. If the Mueller investigation were the illegal coup that Jarrett claims, Trump would've shut it down. Either you think Trump is fit to be president, or you don't. There's no middle ground. Jarrett is telling us that he sees this giant wall of hurt coming, and Trump is oblivious. I've lost count of the stunningly brilliant maneuvers Trump has pulled. He's the most skilled president in American history. Jarrett is saying that Trump is a moron. That makes Jarrett a liar. And a dumb one at that..."
" This proves what I thought. Trump doesn't have male-pattern baldness. He began wearing this hair style when he was thirty years old. That's when he decided that someday he'd be president. He created a visual trademark for two reasons: One, it makes his enemies not take him seriously. And two, it makes the corrupt think he's one of them. A visual trademark is what corrupt politicians and entertainers use to make themselves easily recognizable to idiots. We could go on forever with the visual trademarks of the corrupt. William Kunstler's glasses on the top o his head. James Traficant's hair. Barack Obama's smile. Trump made the corrupt think he was one of them. So they told him their secrets. Now he's using their secrets against them. Now, I just spent about 30 minutes on . The press tells you that Trump's connects to Saudi Arabia are ""unclear."" Morons. Check THIS out: Recognize that face? Note the date. And THIS: The bidders. King Khalid of Saudi Arabia. So Trump had connections in the SAUDI ROYAL FAMILY in 1980. Everything you're seeing now? Trump and the Saudis planned it almost 40 years ago. Who else gives you this information? Now, the reason it took so long to write this thread is that I went on using Firefox. It screwed up my entire computer. I had to force quit everything multiple times. Fix that, Times. Here's another thing I'll give you. I just found the Trump-Saudi connection right this moment, as you were reading. First I went to Google Books. Look what they did: The first search result. Now let's look inside the book. Remember: FIRST SEARCH RESULT. So, when you search for Trump's relationship with Saudi Arabia, Google sings the praises of Iran. Google has politicized itself to the point of total uselessness. That's why I went to . YOU DROVE ME AWAY, GOOGLE. Idiots. Every day, we see the Trump-Saudi connection paying dividends. I always say the Trump Doctrine is to help if asked. One definition of ""help"" would be to let everyone know that we'll blow the absolute hell out of them if they mess with our friends. With at the helm of the American ship of state, there's no limit to the GOOD things that can happen. He made friends and plans 40 years ago, and now they're all IMPLEMENTING their ideas. Every day you surprise me, Mr. President. Keep it up. And thank you..."
" I'm 55 years old. This news story is beyond my comprehension. First the video. The model has unshaven legs. Now she's being harassed. I can't even count the ways this story is abnormal. For one, does she sound Swedish? People want to rape her for having hairy legs. Why? Presumably the hairy legs makes men think of other men. Have you ever looked at a guy and thought, ""I wanna RAPE that dude!"" So what does Arvida Byström say in response? ""Me being such an abled, white, cis body with its only nonconforming feature being a lil leg hair."" ""Literally I’ve been getting rape threats in my DM inbox."" ""I can’t even begin to imagine what it’s like to not possess all these privileges and try to exist in the world."" ""Sending love and try to remember that not everybody has the same experiences being a person.” What is she babbling about? Sending love to people who want to rape her? A ""cis"" body means having the gender with which you identity from birth. So she sends love to rapists, and of course she's hailed as brave for having hairy legs. Do you ever...wish for an asteroid to hit and just put us out of our misery? The novel ""Lucifer's Hammer"" is about an asteroid. It creates a tsunami five miles high. Would you rather spend a week with Arvida Byström, or would you rather be hit by a tsunami five miles high? Bring on the water! The insanity just keeps getting worse. How can anyone actually WANT this? Arvida says that in today's society, women are afraid of being feminists. Is she kidding? We've had feminism rammed down our necks with a broom handle for going on fifty years now. In the last thirty years, was there ONE DAY in which you didn't hear the word ""vagina""? ""Artist, photographer, model and cyber sensation."" Does she look like ANY of those things? Why do so many young women want to look like corpses? What's the attraction? Is this like the most insane new story you've ever come across? ""That hairy, brave, cis-girl corpse makes me wanna RAPE some dude! 'Cause feminism, man! Shaving is f*cked! Will you bury me?"" ""Will I marry you? Absolutely not. You're disgusting!"" ""No! I want you to BURY me! You know? 'Cause I'm hairy."" ""No, I won't bury you, even though you stink. Let's just wait for the tsunami."" ""Cool. I don't wanna exist with all these privileges. I'd like to send all my love to the rapists, though."" ""You go, girl! I've decided I can wait for the tsunami, so I'm just going to use this jackhammer on my head."" ""Okay. Um, how do you spell 'vagina'? Hello? Where'd you go? Damn. I liked him, even though he wasn't a rapist..."""
" makes a point. This is what he's talking about. Now, Rex told me his real name. Do the other guys tell you who they are? I also know Stealth Jeff's real name, as well as the name of his brother, who is also here on Twitter. If you think Jeff is ""legit,"" then you have to think Rex is ""legit"" too, since all of us use open sources. My own view is that people who use open sources are FAR more trustworthy than those who claim to have inside sources. Think back on all the predictions of disaster that never came true. When someone is 100 percent wrong, I ignore him. Using open sources allows YOU to see the same material that I see. We're no different, you and I. We have the same brains. Someone who claims that I'm a purveyor of misinformation is stupid on two levels: One, how can I deceive when I give YOU all the information I use? And two, what id my goal is deceiving? I'm telling you that Trump is in control and not in danger. All I do is praise Trump. You know what I'd do if I were working against Trump? I'd tell you that he's NOT in control, and that he's not fit to be president because he's easily fooled by all those around him. Now THAT'S weird, isn't it? The people claiming I'm working against Trump are the ones telling you that he's NOT in control, and he's not fit to be president because he's easily fooled by those around him. It's almost as if all these people with inside information are actually NOT Trump supporters... ADDENDUM: ""(11) And two, what id my goal is deceiving?"" GIBBERISH! What IS my goal IN deceiving? I need a replacement brain. "
" This is really disgraceful. Let me ask you a question: Does the fact that the CIA hired mobsters mean that the entire country of the United States is forever tainted? Should NO COUNTRY ON EARTH ever do business with the United States because approximately EIGHT members of the CIA hired mobsters? ""The Saudi government"" was not behind 9/11. Men who WORKED FOR the Saudi government are accused of being involved in 9/11. The CURRENT government has ZERO connection to the government of 2001. The Saudis made peace with Israel in 2006. We know that because they gave Israel intelligence on Hezbollah, and then Israel sold weapons to the Saudis in 2007. It's time to THINK CLEARLY. King Salman spent FIFTY YEARS fighting corruption as Governor of Riyadh. Mohammed bin Salman spent two straight years FIRING EVERYBODY. Saudi Arabia is implementing the most sweeping cultural changes in human history. Mohammed bin Salman just gave an interview in which he said that all humans have the right to choose their own religion, and Muslims can't force Islam on others. Am I glad that we're selling weapons to Saudi Arabia? Damn right I am. This is a lawsuit against the wrong people. OF COURSE the Saudis are fighting it. They're in an untenable position. It's time that we stop thinking of Saudis as the boogeymen. The current government had nothing whatsoever to do with 9/11. Period. End of story..."
" Another reason why I'm 99.999 percent sure that it's regime change in Iran. This is boilerplate think-tank stuff. ""If the regime resorts to violence anyway, the international response should focus on diplomatic isolation."" Utterly useless advice. BUT. The world thinks this way. Therefore literally NOBODY would be expecting a regime-change operation, would they? Not even the Iranian authorities. The Washington Institute for Near East Policy is full of REALLY SMART PEOPLE. I've been studying the Saudi war-fighting methods since June of 2015. YOU CAN'T PREDICT THEIR NEXT MOVE. They are absolute masters of strategic deception, strategic distraction, and shockingly ambitious operations that very few western military leaders would undertake. For one thing, the Saudis spend YEARS preparing the battlefield. They're very patient. But here's what western military leaders have forgotten: Qui audet adipiscitur. Who dares, wins. Western military doctrine has become, ""It can't be done."" Saudi military doctrine is, ""HOW can it be done?"" I've been comparing daytime videos in Iran with nighttime videos. In the daytime, people of all ages are out. At nighttime, it's almost exclusively fit young men. Here's another reason why I think it's regime change: In most protests, the women are in front. Why? The protesters want the women to be injured, so that the authorities will be seen as brutal. Well, if you're going for the gold--regime change--you don't NEED the authorities to be seen as brutal. So there's no need to create telegenic martyrs. If you're SERIOUS about regime change, you're going to do everything you can to make sure that all your people survive in order to reap the benefits of the new country. The nighttime protesters are calm, serious, and implacable. No handwritten signs for the cameras, no banners, no politics. No theatrics. It sure SEEMS like a military operation. The fact that literally NOBODY is considering this possibility indicates to me that it's PROBABLY happening. I've lost count of the stunning military operations that have taken place since March of 2015 right up to the present moment. What makes me think this is regime change is the calmness of the protesters. They all seem to feel that they're going to win. That's new. I've never seen that in Iranian protests..."
" National anthems. I was born in Venezuela. My first language was Spanish, since I was raised by maids. Here I am crying in Delia's arms. My parents had to give me crash lessons in English because I couldn't understand my father. By the time I got to first grade, I was bilingual. Every Friday, the school gathered in the courtyard to sing national anthems. We sang first the Venezuelan national anthem and then the American. Nobody taught me the words to either. My first Friday, there I was in a courtyard, singing two songs. So I learned the Venezuelan national anthem phonetically. Here's how I sang it. This is the first time I've sung it since 1972. It's gibberish. ""Brave Gloria to the village."" ""That threw the yoke."" ""The law is expecting."" ""Labia for you but not me."" We have chains shouting at men, peasant huts begging for freedom, and examples of favors done in sainted names. NFL players are like me in the first grade, singing gibberish. Look how NFL players live. Why would you expect NFL players to respect anything? The truth is, the NFL has been garbage for years. I don't actually care if they stand, kneel, or goose step during the national anthem. They're disgusting people anyway. I never expected a single player in the NFL to do anything positive, so their disrespecting of the national anthem is no surprise. But they fell into Trump's trap. Just watch. The kneeling will stop. We're reaching our limit on crazy. It's too much for ALL NORMAL PEOPLE. Trump is engaging in aversion therapy. See, my brother Paul and sister Carrie once split an entire cheesecake. Neither ate cheesecake again for thirty years. Trump is tricking people into destroying their own shtick. Kneeling during the national anthem is already ruined as a concept. Only ONE COMMENT from Trump made these idiots implode. Trump can do that whenever he wants. So remember: Brave Gloria to the village!"
" The rodeo clown desecrates the four fallen in Niger and the four fallen in Benghazi. Let me tell you the differences between Benghazi and Niger. In Niger, a 12-man Special Forces Operational Detachment Alpha or A Team was ambushed by 50+ terrorists. Them men who were ambushed were professional warriors, in Niger to train and assist the locals in fighting terrorism. The Green Berets were ambushed at 11:00 am after they had a meeting with local tribal elders. The ambush took place ""out in the middle of nowhere,"" on a battlefield. The A Team in question had conducted 29 patrols in the same area and had NEVER MADE CONTACT WITH ARMED OPPOSITION. Special Forces are professionals. They decide for themselves whether or not they're in danger. They aren't helpless toddlers. When the attack began, the Special Forces and their Niger counterparts returned fire. Nearby French commandos were contacted, as were French Air Force attack jets. The firefight lasted 30 minutes. French army helicopters evacuated the wounded and dead. French, American, and Niger troops remained on the ground until they found the body of La David Johnson 48 hours later. ""Catastrophic intelligence failure""? How? If a Special Forces A Team conducts 29 patrols in the same area and never has contact with terrorists, what failed? The rodeo clown and the ghoul John McCain are AS USUAL treating our troops as helpless victims. What about Benghazi? Well, there's an answer to THAT too. The diplomatic staff had itself warned for days of an impending attack. These warnings were ignored. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and Sean Smith were not professional warriors. Benghazi was not a battlefield. The Benghazi attack lasted five hours, not 30 minutes. The terrorists KNEW THE LOCATION of the safe house. Again, professional warriors in Niger reported no threat. NON-WARRIORS in Benghazi reported a threat but were ignored. American military assets were NOT SENT TO BENGHAZI even though they COULD HAVE BEEN SENT. A Special Forces Combatant Commander's In-extremis Force (CIF) Company was in Slunj Training Range in Croatia. The unit was C 1/10: Charlie Company, 1st Battalion, 10th Special Forces Group. C 1/10 could have been flown by Chinook to Zagreb International Airport in 15 minutes. A CIF keeps its weapons and equipment on its transport, which is a C-17 Globemaster. The CIF could have made it to Benghazi in about 90 minutes, maybe even less. However, the CIF was put on a C-130 Hercules transport and flown to Signorella Air Base in Italy. We're told that Signorella served as a ""staging area."" In other words, everyone had to gather there. In reality, a CIF is used when the situation is a dire emergency. That's why they're called ""In-extremis Force"" Companies. The US military is divided into Unified Combatant Commands. CIF C 1/10 belong to EUCOM. On the night of the attack, control of CIF C 1/10 was transferred to AFRICOM. No explanation was ever given. General Carter Ham--head of AFRICOM--never gave a rational explanation for why C 1/10 was not sent to Benghazi. It took C 1/10 almost 22 hours to arrive at Signorella. Far too late to help anyone in Benghazi. Everything about Benghazi can be rationalized except for one thing: In order to send American troops into a foreign country, the president must give cross-border authority (CBA). Only the president can grant CBA to our troops. On the night of the attack in Benghazi, Obama never granted cross-border authority. There's no document anywhere in any branch of service showing that cross-border authority was given. In order to undertake a hostile mission into a foreign country, the armed forces needs CBA. It was never granted. That means that there was never any intention to launch a rescue. And THAT is fact..."
" Publicity stunt. That's all. Notice that the money won't be paid unless Trump is REMOVED from office. Here's what must happen for Trump to be removed from office: One of more articles of impeachment are presented to the House for debate. If any of them are approved by simple majority, the president is considered impeached. The impeachment is an indictment. Now there must be a trial. The trial will happen in the Senate. The House chooses members to serve as the prosecutors or managers. This is a genuine trial, overseen by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. The president hires his own defense team. Evidence and testimony is presented to the Senate, which serves as the jury. Witnesses are cross examined. Then the Senate votes: guilty or not guilty. A two-thirds supermajority--67 senators--must vote guilty in order for Trump to be removed from office. Then Pence becomes president. No president has ever been removed from office by the Senate. It won't happen. For one thing, the LAST thing the Democrats want is President Mike Pence. Read up on him. He's MORE radical than Trump. For another thing, look at the caliber of people in the House. Do you see a single member of the House who could prosecute a case? Ted Lieu? Maxine Waters? Barbara Lee? Nancy Pelosi? Trump can hire the most lethal barracudas on the planet. The House must choose from its members. In other words, the House has lost the case before it even starts. Then the House and the Senate have to contend with the 2018 and 2020 elections. How do you think the country will react if the Congress removes Trump from office? This is a cheap publicity stunt. Don't worry about it. Trump can derail it with TWEETS if necessary..."
" Okay. THIS IS NOT CRITICISM. I'm going to make a COMPARISON. An Israeli soldier in the Reserves explains how the IDF works. ""The IDF stations senior commanders at every confrontation point to ensure that every shot is approved and backed up by a responsible figure with proper authority."" So what would happen if 40,000 young male Gazans breached the border, bringing 1000+ Hamas terrorists with them? EXACTLY. It would begin with the ""proper authority"" approving every shot. Meaning the 40,000 young men and the 1000+ Hamas terrorists would cause incredible carnage. FINALLY the order would be given to fire at will, and THEN Hamas would have its piles of dead Palestinians. And hundreds of Israelis would've been kidnapped. To top it all off, the world would condemn Israel. Hamas USES the IDF rules of engagement. If 40,000 Gazan males and 1000 Hamas terrorists had breached the border, it would've been the worst catastrophe Israel had ever suffered. This is why I'm absolutely positive that Israel's allies in the Gulf Cooperation Council went into Gaza and killed a large number of Hamas terrorists. Each country must decide for itself how it's going to fight terrorism. So it's not my place to tell the Israelis what they should be doing. The Palestinians protest at the border was scheduled to last SIX WEEKS. Why so long? In order to dig a tunnel or tunnels. Things were getting worse and worse for Israel. ""Israel must stop the excessive use of force by its security forces along the Gaza border and must hold to account those responsible for the many deaths and injuries sustained by Palestinians in the past month, the UN human rights chief said."" On May 14, 2018, the US embassy in Jerusalem opened. The press--stenographers for terrorists--did what they were asked to do. I know for a fact that a handful of Israeli leaders knows the full extent of the alliance with the Gulf Cooperation Council. My guess is that very few Israeli soldiers know about it. An Israeli told me that Israel would NEVER ""allow"" Arab nations to ""do our fighting for us"" because of what happened in Lebanon, September 16 to 18, 1982. The Sabra and Shatila massacre. The IDF was allied with the mostly Christian Kataeb Party or Phalange. Terrorists were in the refugee camps of Sabra and Shatila, firing at the IDF. So the Phalange militia went in and killed up to 3500 people. It's another situation that can't be figured out, because the Palestinians say both that there were gun battles AND there were no armed men. But Sabra and Shatila ""changed the national Israeli psyche."" I have no doubt that this is true. Therefore I'm convinced that it would not have been possible for the IDF to stop 40,000 Palestinian men and 1000+ Hamas terrorists from breaching the border. Remember the militia at Charlottesville? This is the moment they said to each other, ""We have to pull back."" See the Antifa in the background? Antifa wasn't deterred, because they KNEW THAT THE MILITIA WOULDN'T SHOOT. He's using a billy club on a guy with a cane. So when 40,000 people charged the border in THIS environment, all those commanders who were supposed to authorize each shot would've been overwhelmed. That was when the commandos IN GAZA took out the Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad terrorists. It's just a different way of doing things. Events were spiraling out of control. Hamas was on the verge of carrying out a massive attack. But the Shin Bet knew. ""There is a prohibition for Hamas operatives to approach the border, from a fear that they will be killed or captured by IDF troops, unless the security fence falls and then they must enter, armed, into Israel under the cover of the masses and carry out terror attacks."" Hamas was ALREADY THERE, with its weapons. So the commandos in Gaza killed them. The Shin Bet and the GCC are coordinating, but even Israeli soldiers still think they have to prove to the world that Israel isn't the new Nazi Germany. Therefore the GCC did the killing. Nobody had to authorize each shot. The commandos solved the problem without hesitation. Good..."
" What did I sacrifice? Involuntarily? My health insurance. My doctor. Several medications. My access to my own funds. My neighborhood, which is now totally inhabited by illegals who break every law in the book. Live concerts are against the law here. Nobody enforces the law. I sacrificed some of my sanity, since I have severe PTSD, and the neighbors shoot off skyrockets several night a week. I sacrificed my car, since none of the federal highways are maintained anymore. Potholes two feet deep. I sacrificed race relations. Now black people are afraid to talk to me, because they think we're going to fight about race. That's a pretty decent list. It doesn't include MACRO sacrifices we all made. Prediction: Nothing I said will penetrate. Ick. You and ""penetrate."" Not something I want to think about..."
" We're there. Guess what is angry about? Roseanne's character said that people of color are just like the rest of us. Now THAT is verboten. To say that all people are alike is ""an endorsement of dismissiveness and disregard,"" ""familiarity and comfort with the culture of objectifying and demeaning people of color."" Kevin Yu is saying that regarding non-whites as equals is DEMEANING. Pure madness. If a person says ""we're all alike,"" how in the name of Shénhuáng does that objectify people of color? English Socialism. Ingsoc. Roseanne is now being attacking for saying ALL PEOPLE ARE EQUAL. This is a level of mass insanity I never thought I'd see expressed publicly. Kevin Yu says that treating people of color as equals is demeaning to them. Therefore he's arguing that we must treat people of color as funny little critters with laughable little traits. That's the logic of his incomprehensible rant. We must forever exclude people of color, because to say ""They're just like us"" is racist. The shortest book ever written: ""Things That are Not Racist."" The full contents are two brands of cat litter and the SKF self-aligning ball bearing..."
" A voice from the dead past asks a question that reveals SO MUCH. People forgot THIS. I never forgot it. Secretary of Defense James Mattis spoke to the Association of the United States Army. Mattis mentioned the coalition that Tillerson put together. The Global Coalition to Defeat ISIS. Seventy-three nations, NATO, the EU, the Arab League, and INTERPOL. Tillerson is actually virtually autonomously. As is Nikki Haley. And James Mattis. We have evidence that Mattis is charting the course of our wars. And another. The new strategy for Afghanistan was adopted and is being implemented. Mattis's statement is four sentences. It's 100 percent clear that NOBODY working for Trump thinks he's an idiot. Trump is delegating responsibility. He's the FIRST PRESIDENT to allow his experts the freedom to use their expertise. Is aware that the US armed forces are going to be totally transformed? Mattis said that we must have conventional forces capable of fighting unconventionally. And we must have the most lethal JOINT forces in the world. Do you know what that means? We're adopting the Saudi model. Strategic special forces. C6ISR forces. Command, Control, Communications, Computing, Cyber, Commando, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance. The Saudis, the rest of the GCC, and now the IRAQIS created joint forces that can't be defeated. The future of warfare is ""combined arms micro teams."" One tank, one bulldozer, one gunship, one infantry squad, one sniper squad, and one antitank squad. This micro teams act either independently or in groups. The idea is 100 years old. A German invented it. His name was Bernhard Reddemann, the commander of the German flamethrower arm. Small units had their own combined arms. Instead of asking the artillery corps for support, the men had their own artillery. This war-fighting method was forgotten--until the Arabs revived it in around 2009. The UAE Presidential Guard and Egyptian Rapid Deployment Forces are the only combined-arms units we know about. Donald Rumsfeld tried something like this, but the various branches of the military refused to cooperate. Mattis will fire people into submission. We need a NEW approach, suited to a NEW reality. This is all happening under , a man who is smarter than all of National Review put together. Why aren't any journalistic Big Dogs writing about what I know is happening? Blind contempt. Hatred. That's why they aren't worth anything anymore. YOU BET I support Trump. But I'm just reporting on TRUTH. I always give you EVIDENCE. Trump is a revolutionary. All will be well. Have no doubt about it..."
" brings my attention to this: ""The Fox News Investigative Unit, using the encrypted messaging service WhatsApp, interviewed two of the protest organizers from their home base in Iran."" ""'We are like a wave -- we come back even stronger, and the Iranian people want regime change,' one of the protesters said Tuesday. 'There is no going back.'"" This is the first time in the history of the Islamic Republic that Iranians have demanded regime change. There was a video that YouTube immediately took down. The caption was, ""Before the war of Saturday, here is a movie trailer that we have to bring to the attention of the mullahs--the eruption of the Iranian volcano."" Here's the video. That video appeared to be a genuine ""Go"" signal. Other videos say the same thing and reference the same time frame: mid-March. A new video. Another one. Yet another ""Go"" signal. Trump says that Rex Tillerson thought the Iran Joint Comprehensive plan of Action (JCPOA) was workable. Well, if the Iranians and their new allies are planning regime change, we're going to need a VERY firm and fearless hand on the rudder of our ship of state. It makes sense to put Mike Pompeo in as Secretary of State. Regime change in Iran WILL work, but it's going to be hard, and we don't know what the mullahs will do as they're toppled. Crises are tests of character. Tillerson's parting words were that diplomacy is always the solution. Unfortunately, that's not true. See, I trust the Iranians and the people helping them. But I've been studying them daily for three years. People think I'm crazy. They mock me with comments about ""super GCC commandos."" My guess is Tillerson had no knowledge of our allies' true capabilities. Well, I trust our allies. They've been training for this operation for seven years now. Iran will be free. Count on it... ADDENDUM: This went up 10 minutes ago. This is the IRANIAN caption: ""With the new appointments in the United States, the page turns on the 'rule of the turban on the head.'"" So I was right. Tillerson wasn't the right man for the job of seeing us through the Iranians freeing themselves from the mullahs. I think this shows coordination between the US, the Gulf Cooperation Council, and the Iranians. Exciting times. Be well, Iranians..."
" My last story: I promise. Gigantic news that we all missed. Ali Abdullah Saleh was Yemen's dictator for 33 years. He fought multiple wars with Ansar Allah--""Believers of God""--known as the Houthis after their founder. This is the Houthi flag. God is great Death to America Death to Israel Curse on the Jews Victory to Islam these are easily the most disgusting Islamists on the face of the earth. They chew the stimulant khat leaf. They use children as soldiers. They kill their own people to blame on Saudi Arabia. They send all their children to the US to be educated, where they all become leftist activists. So after fighting them for years, the former dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh ALLIED HIMSELF with them. He was a pig who had looted Yemen of over $60 billion. Iran backs the Houthis. Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir recently revealed that Hezbollah had fired the Iranian ballistic missile at Riyadh Airport. It was an Iranian-Hezbollah-Houthi operation. The Saudis intercepted the missile. Al-Jubeir said, ""It's strange that they think we won't retaliate."" Well, guess what happened? In the Yemeni capital of Sanaa, suddenly Ali Abdullah Saleh's forces and the Houthis began FIGHTING EACH OTHER. The Houthis said that Saleh had betrayed them. Saleh said that the Houthis had betrayed HIM. So first Saleh's forces drove the Houthis from Sanna, and then the Houthis recaptured Sanna. And the Saudis bombed BOTH SIDES as they fought. Now Saleh is dead. They Houthis claim they ambushed his convoy. BULL. I've carefully examined the photos and video of Saleh's body. He's got a hole in his head shaped like a pie wedge. BUT. No blood. A shock wave did that. He looks pensive and sad. So: This is at least the fourth time the Saudis have hacked into ""secure"" communications systems and made their opponents turn on each other. They made the Houthis and Saleh loyalists start killing each other OVER NOTHING. Now that Saleh is dead, the Houthis--those leaf-chewing savages--are going to keep on playacting until their benefactors are neutralized. SALEH was the problem. His men could actually fight. Now they're all dead. It took the Saudis exactly three days to achieve this. See, they're not trying to defeat the Houthis. Yemen is strategic distraction and a holding action. But look what happens when you f*ck with the Saudis. Ali Abdullah Saleh ruled by his wits and his brutality for 33 years. The Saudis got him killed in three days. Guess who's next? ""Withdraw the weapons from Hezbollah."" THIS is why the Saudis and the Emiratis formed a new military relationship. See the friendly looking man on the right? Abu Dhabi Crown Prince Sheikh Mohammad bin Zayed al-Nahyan. He's also the Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces. Putin is afraid of him. With good cause. The Saudis and the UAE are preparing for the final battles. And I mean the final wars the Middle East will ever fight. Putin with Ali Abdullah Saleh, in happier times. ""Putin wearing dark glasses! He da MAN!"" It took the Saudis three days to make Saleh look sad and pensive, with a hole shaped like a pie wedge in his head. The Saudis will implode your head if you refuse to stop causing trouble. They'll make it impossible for you to know friend from foe. Don't say that I didn't warn you... ADDENDUM: The Houthis say they killed him with a sniper, and that they killed him with a rocket-propelled grenade, and that they killed him in his house. And here's an IRANIAN lifting the body into the bed of a pickup truck. These guys are absolutely revolting. God bless the Saudis for not just leveling the entire country and giving it back to nature. Better men than me..."
" Rods From God, or Project Thor: Has this weapon already been used in combat? Rods From God are ""kinetic bombardment."" Tungsten rods are fired from satellites, obliterating the target. The US Air Force began fiddling with the idea in 2003. On September 7, 2017, this article appeared. The National Enquirer says Rods From God have been placed in orbit. Last night I found a video that SEEMS to indicate that Rods From God have been used in combat. I can't identify the surveillance platform that filmed the attack. My guess is that the video is authentic. The video shows the downing of a Syrian Arab Air Force Su-22 ground-attack aircraft. We also see the downing of an armed Shaheed-129 UAV, operated by either Iran or Hezbollah. The US has confirmed both incidents. The videos use forward-looking infrared (FLIR). There are two kinds of FLIR: Black-hot FLIR. And white-hot FLIR. This is a missile seen with black-hot FLIR. See how it's a short line? The missile engine is producing heat that quickly dissipates in atmospheric air. This is white-hot FLIR. The projectile left a massively long heat trail that dissipated instantly. Here's the strike in real time and slow motion. Two small devices ""guided"" the large munition. I haven't found this video anywhere except on Liveleak. The ""original poster"" (OP) gave it this title. Yes, we saw a tank, an Su-22, and a UAV destroyed. But what the hell is THIS? The OP is named ""Serlik."" Joined in 2012 and has posted 12 videos during that period. ""Serlik"" is a Jewish family name. My guess is the person works for an organization with the word ""Defense"" in it. I think we just saw Rods From God tested in combat. This is what Mattis was talking about. Remember: Rods From God are called ""kinetic bombardment."" Mattis also said this. This is almost certainly a rehearsal. It's a great time to be alive..."
" As a psychiatric patient, I can tell you worth and ethics of . First of all, my background. I have life-threatening PTSD, which was diagnosed in 2007. In 2007, my resting pulse rate went up to 220 beats per minute. I went to my father's cardiologist, who gave me every possible test on the planet and finally diagnosed stress. He prescribed paroxetine, which I've been taking since 2007. The paroxetine helped, but my cardiologist added lorazepam, which helped even more. In 2009 I was diagnosed with Meniere's disease, for which my ear, nose, and throat specialist prescribed diazepam. Both my cardiologist and ENT recommended I see a psychiatrist--a MEDICAL doctor, not a ""therapist."" Here's my daily load of medication: paroxetine 10 mg quetiapine fumarate 100 mg diazepam 10 mg oxcarbazepine 600 mg zolpidem tartrate 10 mg triamtere-hctz 37.5 mg amlodipine besylate 5 mg omeprazole 20 mg I am a PSYCHIATRIC PATIENT. I know what I'm talking about. 's ""diagnosis"" is utterly without value. A mental-health professional CANNOT DIAGNOSE A PERSON WITHOUT SPEAKING TO THEM. It's not possible. This is another political attack, but THIS ONE shows the complete lack of values that leftists have. There's no emergency. Trump is completely sane. What we're seeing here is the ABUSE of medical practice. Guess where this was done? In the Soviet Union. is a complete disgrace. Americans need to start getting REALLY ANGRY at the Stalinist tactics we see. This is NOT the United States I knew as a child. My ENT--Dr. Nguyen--said something once that actually applies here. My mother went to the same doctor for 20 years. I'll call him ""Dr. Bill."" Dr. Bill made house calls for my mother only. My mother was one of the most brilliant people who ever lived. She could talk about anything. She and Dr. Bill were great friends. When my mother got cancer, she refused to accept it. She would NOT talk about it, and she began starving herself. It was a way to try and impose control on the situation. She starved herself for six months while we daily begged her to eat. See, she had 85 years of rage stored up, so she took it out on us. At the last minute she panicked and tried to change her mind, but it was too late. She'd given herself cachexia. That means her body was feeding on itself. She'd ruined her heart. My brother told me not to come for the last two days, because Mom was in a coma but howling. He said it was the worst thing he'd ever seen. On the third day, my brother got a phone call from Dr. Bill. ""Hello?"" ""Yeah. It looks like her heart stopped."" ""Wait: What are you talking about? My mother?"" ""Yeah."" ""So is she dead?"" ""Yeah."" My doctor--Dr. Nguyen--knows Dr. Bill very well. When I told him how Dr. Bill had let us know thjat Mom had died, he was HORRIFIED. ""That is so unprofessional. He needs to lose his license,"" Dr. Nguyen said. I said, ""Well maybe--"" ""NO,"" Dr. Nguyen almost shouted at me. ""DON'T MAKE EXCUSES FOR HIM. What he did is inexcusable. I don't CARE what he was feeling. He let you whole family down. I'm now questioning his competence."" is a sign of rot, decay, corruption, collapse, dishonesty, and incompetence. She should be deported to Iran, where people like her run the country. For now..."
" took the time to tweet to me, so I should explain why I'm on this hysteria kick. Two days ago I had a near miss that really got to me. I went to the pharmacy to load up my 14 tons of meds, and on the way back, I decided, what the hell: cheeseburgers! So I stopped at a McDonald's drive through. The woman in front of me was in a BMW SUV, taking orders on her cell phone. It took almost ten minutes, because she was reading the entire menu to each kid on the other end. The guy behind me started honking. Finally the woman finished. I ordered by two cheeseburgers and drove up. The cell-phone woman was now arguing with the cashier over her order. It took another five minutes as they refunded her. Now the guy behind us was leaning on his horn. When the cell-phone women went to the pickup window, she handed them her credit card, because now she was ordering MORE food. Another five minutes. When she drove off, the guy behind me peeled out and swerved in front of me. He was about twenty-five, maybe. He started screaming at the girl in the window, so she got the manager. ANOTHER guy behind me started leaning on his horn. The guy in FRONT of me told the manager to shove the order up his ass, but then he demanded coffee. So they gave him coffee. He pulled away from the window and then floored in reverse to end up beside the other guy who was honking. THAT guy was also about twenty-five. They started screaming at each other as I got my order and escaped. Out on the street, I watched in my rear-view mirror as the two young nutters pulled out of the parking lot and came rocketing toward me at a hundred miles per hour, swerving all over the place. I pulled over as they went past, still screaming at each other. Ahead was a red light. One guy just went right through it, as though the cross traffic was made of smoke. I have no idea how he made it. The other guy stopped. He'd had enough. Up ahead, the nutter who'd gone through the red light made a U-turn and came back on the wrong side of the street. I was stopped next to the former nutter as the current nutter was coming at both of us at 150 miles an hour. So I just...let go. That was it. I was boxed in, about to be hit by a guy going so fast that my car would explode. I was angry. I'd had a spur-of-the-moment desire for cheeseburgers, and now I was going to die at the hands of some young imbecile with no impulse control. But the former nutter saved us by going through the red light and making a U-turn. The current nutter blasted through the intersection and got onto the right side of the street. He and the other took off, endangering the entire city but sparing me. I'm not afraid to die, but I would REALLY resent it if I were killed by someone who has a half-hour rage fit over fast food. As I sat there, I honestly expected to be dead in seconds. My brother and I bought our dream house in Las Vegas. If I get killed now, my brother won't make it. He'll give up. It freaks me out when people lose control for a LONG TIME. I had a road-rage incident in 1993 that made me realize I'm dangerous. I almost socked a woman in the nose because she screamed profanity right in my face. But my loss of control lasted less than a second. This shindig at McDonald's and on the street was pushing half an hour. I was thinking, ""Somebody has to shoot this guy."" Imagine: You buy your dream house, and then you're killed because you stopped for cheeseburgers. It's the law of the jungle here. So I'm still in shock, I guess. When you're boxed in, and some guy is headed for you like a suicide bomber, there's nothing quite like it. The answer is no more cheeseburgers..."
" I'm 55 years old. I have Meniere's disease and such severe PTSD that I take nine medications. TWICE, my writing career was sabotaged, so I gave up on my dream. I took this self-portrait yesterday. Today I blocked a follower for being a belligerent a-hole. It was just the usual ""I'm smarter than you, and you're an idiot for believing what you do."" Out of the blue. I didn't even know he followed me. Here he is. He's European. First Worlder with cradle-to-grave welfare. I have PTSD because I was born in Venezuela and saw murders committed in front of me when I was a child. Also, I attract mobs of psychos who want to kill me. I have a stutter. You can't tell in my videos. That's sheer willpower. I always felt like an outsider. The only period in my life in which I experienced happiness was from 1987 to 1992. A woman made me happy. After five years I told her all my secrets. what I'd seen and experienced. She instantly became my enemy. It took her a year to dive me away. After I moved out, she sent me a letter apologizing for the past year, but she just couldn't deal with such ugliness. Then she went on to marry a millionaire and become a mommy. I wrote a book about her. On July 20, 1982, I survived the IRA Regent's Park bomb. On December 28, 1995, a guy tried to murder me, but his pistol jammed. And I have such bad osteoarthritis that I have to give up the electric bass. I have three vertebrae that are bone on bone, and my right hip needs replacement when I'm old enough. Compare faces. I don't know that guy's story. But do you think it could be worse than mine? A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, ""Why the long face?"" HEY-OHHHHHHHHHHH! "
" Here's how we in the west need to be smarter: We fall for APPEARANCES. ""No need to wear an abaya!"" But he sponsors terrorism. Meanwhile Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman says, ""I'm a religious Muslim,"" but he's committed to wiping out terrorists. The proof is in the pudding. In October of 2015, the Syrian Democratic Forces were created. About a month later, they were rolling up the Islamic State. This guy's a Saudi fighting as a Kurd. They carry out daylight raids on fortified positions, such as dams. Not even WE do that. If asked, they'd all say they're religious. We in the west are now hooked on WORDS, not actions. It's therefore easy to fool us..."
" Just hooked up the new modem. So: Rex Tillerson. Let me tell you about my own experiences delegating authority. I found that when I was a nice boss, everyone took advantage. You have to walk a tightrope. I don't have it in me to be a boss, so I've been self-employed most of my life. The boss is still the boss. Even if the boss gives you total freedom, you still have to follow the boss's orders. I've discovered--to my disappointment--that too many Trump ""supporters"" wanted only words, not actions. So when Trump follows through on his promises, people get upset. Trump is a revolutionary. To work for him, you have to be a revolutionary yourself. The State Department is easily the most pernicious of American institutions. All Secretaries of State end up ""going native."" That means the department changes THEM, rather than the other way around. The US has very few friends in the world. Most countries want us weak and feckless. Secretaries of State are under incredible pressure from the department and the world to continue failed policies. Secretary of State Cyrus Vance RESIGNED when the US tried to rescue the hostages that Iran held. Vance secretly negotiated his own diplomatic solution to the Iran hostage crisis by going through the PLO. It failed, of course. He was also opposed to ""visceral anti-Sovietism."" We need a Secretary of State who puts America first. That is simply too hard for many people raised in the post-World War II era. After seeing how so many of Trump's ""supporters"" have let him down, I'm not surprised that people in his administration let him down. Mohammed bin Salman had to fire almost every top-ranking military officer in the country. Change is HARD. Most people prefer to simply ""wait and see,"" which means, ""Let's do nothing."" Both my parents took a ""wait and see"" approach. They died in 2013, and we're STILL sorting out the mess they left behind. That's five years of our lives we'll never get back. Trump doesn't want to squander this opportunity, so when people don't perform, he has to fire them. ""I think Rex will be much happier now,"" Trump said. That's a very cutting remark. AFTER we bought our new house in Vegas, the neighbor began collecting roosters. He has three now. Yesterday the stonemasons were raising our wall to nine feet. Señor Pollo Loco accosted the stonemasons because tiny blobs of cement were dripping on the neighbor's property. The cement was falling on the neighbor's piles of broken concrete, rusted engine blocks, rusted rebar, and rusted, dented tool shed. ""You're making my chickens upset!"" he shouted in Spanish. The stonemasons said, ""Your roosters are making it very hard for us to work. We have to take breaks because of the noise. So you're making this job take much longer than it should."" Señor Pollo Loco had no response. He just walked away. The stonemasons fired him, without losing their temper. The city is insisting on mediation, so my brother will explain that he's taking care of a guy with PTSD who does stuff like this. Like Trump, I believe in solutions, and I know how to implement them. My brother is on my side. Everyone else can help or get out of the way..."
" Thread on how the Gulf Cooperation Council thwarted an Iranian-backed Hamas attempted to breach Israel's borders. The reason I believe it was the GCC is that IRAN is behind this attempt. About 40,000 people attacked the border. This is what would've happened if they broke through. ""There is a prohibition for Hamas operatives to approach the border, from a fear that they will be killed or captured by IDF troops, unless the security fence falls and then they must enter, armed, into Israel under the cover of the masses and carry out terror attacks."" These ten men of the Hamas Internal Security Service were killed at the border yesterday. They were spotting for the Hamas Izz al-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the terrorists who dig the attack tunnels and enter Israel. Yesterday, the world dodged a massive bullet. BUT. The border breach was PREVENTED. The reason I say that it was the GCC is that there are multiple precedents. First, we have the Siege of Kobane (September 15, 2014 - March 15, 2015). Over 10,000 Islamic State terrorists armed with main battle tanks and heavy artillery attacked the city of Kobane in Northern Syria. The Islamic State made such rapid advances that Obama ordered US air strikes to begin on September 27, 2014. Kurdish YPG militia and 1500 Turkish Kurds fought with light weapons for a month. The battle seesawed until October 29, 2014. On October 29, 2014, fifty Arab ""rebels"" entered Kobane from Turkey. That was the turning point of the battle. From that point on, the YPG was on the offensive. Two weeks AFTER the fifty unidentified Arabs joined the battle, every Islamic State commander in the region was dead. Then it happened in Yemen. ""A team of around fifty ship-deployed special forces landed in Crater in early May. The team was composed of Yemenis serving in the Saudi armed forces and other Yemenis trained by the UAE..."" ""Including army officers who served the former People's Democratic Republic of Yemen and younger tribal fighters. Embedded with the Yemenis were well-equipped special forces from the UAE Presidential Guard."" Those fifty Arab special forces held off about 40,000 Houthis for three months. They were resupplied by air. What they did was LEAVE the two pockets of resistance in Little Aden and Crater, and they went HUNTING. This is what these guys do. They're hunters. Fifty men can change the course of a war. Think about THAT. This is called the ""Second Revolution in Military Affairs."" I have no doubt whatsoever that we can add Gaza to Kobane and Aden. And Ramadi, Mosul, Raqqa, and Deir Ezzor. All the evidence points to yesterday being one of the most serious threats Israel ever faced. If 40,000 Palestinians broke through the border and brought 2000 terrorists with them, the Israelis would've had to kill at least 10,000. The IDF would've hesitated. Hundreds of thousands of Israelis would died too. The goal was to force Israel to kill thousands of Arabs. Therefore I'm positive that a small force of Arab strategic commandos went into Gaze and took out the spotters, the commanders, and as many fighters as they could. I'm going to post the names of the Palestinians that the Ministry of Death has released, but I need to copy and paste, because servers are crashing. Give me a second. Okay. Here are the names and ages. ONLY TWO are not military aged males. That tells you all you need to know. Iran was thwarted. Hamas was thwarted. Jew-haters were thwarted. And we can thank the Gulf Cooperation Council. They prevented a catastrophe, and they did it because they are GOOD PEOPLE. And just to clarify: The IDF would not send men into Gaza on that day. If the soldiers were captured, Israel would be accused of trying to carry out a ""false flag."" It was Arab commandos who averted the disaster..."
" Dear : I don't need you to tell me that I engaged with Russian trolls, since I pointed out at the time that I was engaging Russian trolls. Unlike YOU, I learned about the Agency in 2015. I wrote about it LONG before the election. So thanks for the totally useless e-mail. I'm WAY ahead of you on this. In fact I'll explain everything you need to know about the Agency. Just send me a request..."
" Well, the issue is that we simply don't know how many of the decisions HE personally made. His dead brother--who was murdered--said he was harmless. For SOME REASON, the Korean Peoples' Army (KPA) is allowing all of this to happen. There's no upside for the leaders. They depend on the status quo for their luxurious lifestyles. Yet North Korea hasn't gone up in flames. It's too early to say what will happen, but I'm optimistic. Just keep thinking of the Abilene Paradox. Multiple countries are showing that they never wanted to be doing what they were doing, but they simply went along with everyone else. As of right now, we don't know what's true about Kim and what's propaganda. So your feelings aren't wrong..."
" got cold feet and deleted this, but I still saw it. The world ""shill"" always makes me think of senile old men, raging at the world. I don't get why people follow me just to get blocked. The reason must be that they simply can't control themselves. They MUST screech their rage and hate. I follow tons of people who says things that I find OUTRAGEOUSLY offensive. When they says those things, I just scroll on by. The things I find offensive are directly related to ME. Every single person who calls me a shill is angry about things that have NOTHING TO DO WITH THEM. They've PERSONALIZED geopolitics in a stupid, childish way. In the end, they themselves don't even believe what they're saying. ""9/11 was an inside job! I think I'll have a sandwich."" Think about every single person who makes claims about nefarious secret doings. They all move on when the topic is worn out, don't they? Every single person warning you about this or that ""fishy"" thing ALWAYS MOVES ON, don't they? In other words, that GREAT CONSPIRACY no longer matters to them. On July 16, 2014, four Palestinian boys--Ismail Bakr, Mohammed Bakr, Ahed Bakr, and Zakaria Bakr--were said to have been killed by the Israelis on the beach at Gaza. I knew INSTANTLY that this was not true. I spent OVER A YEAR solving the case. I didn't just move on to the next thing. My original goal was to do a documentary, but the filmmaker crapped out on me and refused to make the movie that I'd hired him to make. I spent a gigantic amount of time and money solving the murders of the Bakr boys. It was important to me, so I put the effort into it. But in the end, there was no way to make a film of what I'd determined, that Hamas had murdered the boys, and all the reporters on the beach had covered it up in support of the Blessed Narrative, that Israel is the new Nazi Germany. The way you can tell if someone ACTUALLY BELIEVES what they're saying is by looking at the effort they put into proving it. ""The Las Vegas mass shooting was a false flag!"" Well, my dear, why haven't you stuck with the story? The dead are still dead. Don't you care anymore? I spent tons of MY OWN MONEY trying to get justice for the Bakr boys. Have you noticed that all these people screeching about ""false flags"" are always asking YOU for money? This guy is just a weird-ass machine spooling out slogans. No actual thought goes into this. When I learn that person is incapable of thought, I make sure that he doesn't continue showing me. My thoughts are too valuable to share with brainless machines..."
" We get all the answers in this interview. On Friday, the family told the New York Post that they had no comment, and they asked for their privacy to be respected. On Saturday they lawyered up and gave an interview to the South Florida Sun Sentinel. Let's ask the lawyer for a comment. ""'What else could this family have possibly done to put this young man on the right track?' said their attorney, Jim Lewis. 'They tried to do a good deed and it went horribly wrong for them.'” Not so much, as it turns out. The mass murder was 19 but didn't know how to drive. He rode a bicycle. He couldn't cook, clean, and the family said he was extremely depressed. But they allowed him access to rifles. They THINK he was bullied in school, but they don't know. ""James Snead, 48, is a decorated army veteran and a military intelligence analyst who served stints in the Middle East between 1988 and 1996. Kimberly, 49, is a neonatal intensive care nurse who cares for premature and ill babies."" ""Snead thought he had the only key to the cabinet but has figured out Cruz must have kept a key for himself."" But he doesn't know. Their defense is that they didn't know ANYTHING. ""'We had this monster living under our roof and we didn’t know,' Kimberly Snead told the South Florida Sun Sentinel in an exclusive interview Saturday. 'We didn’t see this side of him.'"" ""'Everything everybody seems to know, we didn’t know,' James Snead said. 'It’s as simple as that.'"" Not good enough. ""Five days before the shooting, Kimberly Snead took Cruz to the office of a therapist she has been seeing. Cruz said he was open to therapy but didn’t like medication."" They DIDN'T KNOW ANYTHING, but they took the mass murderer TO A THERAPIST! Uh-huh. ""He badly wanted to have a girlfriend and seemed lonely, they said. They don’t know anything about rumors they’ve since heard about a breakup with a girl, stalking or fighting."" They KNOW, but then they DON'T KNOW. Weird! ""They think Cruz moved out of the home of his late mom’s friend in Lantana because of tension about his guns and a possible misunderstanding about money."" Here's the ""tell"" that the family knew this guy was dangerous: ""As Snead drove there, a SWAT commander called his cellphone and asked where his son Nik was. Told him it wasn’t his son and he didn’t know where he was."" ""As he kept driving and put two and two together, he became terrified and called the commander back. Snead told the cop the last he knew Nik was home alone with Kimberly: 'I need a police presence at my house. Go make sure my wife is OK.'"" He didn't know ANYTHING, but he ""put two and two together."" Well, that's that. The family knew. I know why people don't do anything. A family member told me that he wanted to kill everybody at his workplace. So I called the cops. The cops came and interrogated the guy. He was blowing off steam. That part of the family never spoke to me again, and my parents blamed me for ""overreacting."" So I understand being afraid to act. But NOW the family is covering their asses. They'll do tons of interviews and profit off of this. Back to my family member who never spoke to me again. HE was VERY immature. The sheriffs deputies and FBI grilled him for a whole day. They searched the house and confiscated his computer. They interrogated all his friends. So I think it's entirely possible that he WAS going to do something. He has pistols. Maybe the cops scared him out of it. I'll never know, but I'd do it again, even knowing how my entire family turned against me. The lives of others are too valuable for me to risk. The families always know. Then they pretend they didn't... ADDENDUM: I wasn't clear. In No. 27 above, I mean the family of the mass murderer, not the family of my relative who made death threats..."
" I wrote a thread about the Ship Which Will Not Be Named. I mentioned my great-uncle Colonel Curtis Yarnell Kimball, who was scapegoated and sent to Alaska for criticizing the State Department. The Arctic Test Board was in Alaska because it's actually colder than the North Pole. Curtis was second in command of the Arctic Test Board. He was liaison to the British Second Army in Operation Market Garden and single-handedly solved the logistics problem that had plagued the allies since D-Day. The Brits gave him the OBE. He also fixed the logistics problems for the Republic of Korea Army. His records show that he was trained in the use of chemical and nuclear tactical weapons, and he was the only army officer to ever serve as a test driver for a USMC experimental armored vehicle. But the State Department demanded his head for openly criticizing them as he tried desperately to help the Imperial Iranian Gendarmerie. When Curtis was training them, they had jeeps with tires that had been rebuilt four times. The State Department gave them uniforms that fell apart in the first rain, and they had no weapons, no communications systems, and the water trucked in gave them worms. Iranian gendarmes were being killed by bandits and terrorists at a massive rate, so Curtis had to use his training as an infiltrator in World War II to ambush bandits. He used a ""tactical submachine gun."" This was 1952, so I can't tell you the weapon. I'm almost positive that Curtis used a Hyde-Inland M2 with the stock cut off, since he said it was the best weapon he'd ever had. It fired the .45 APC round, so it was devastating at close range. The Iranian gendarmes were given an impossible task. Each of their patrols took a month, and the State Department provided them with no supplies. Curtis had to take matters into his own hands and ambush jihadist leaders who were calling for the deaths of gendarmes. The jihadists and bandits worked together. They attacked weddings and anybody out on the roads. One gendarme was called to a wedding massacre. The survivors sent someone on horseback. The bandit-jihadists ambushed the gendarme, who managed to kill them all, but he himself died. He told Curtis to tell his commander that he did his duty for Iran. Curtis was infuriated by the lack of cooperation from the State Department. finally they demanded that he be sacked, so the army blamed HIM for the State Department's failure and shipped him home in disgrace. When he tried to save his career, they sent him to Alaska. He finally conceded defeat and retired. He died of complications of alcoholism in 1979. So I expressed my loathing of those who blame others for their own screw-ups, and the Jew-haters reported my out-of-context tweet to Twitter, who demanded that I delete the tweet. As a result, I will now block EVERYONE who tells me that Israel deliberately attacked The Ship That Will Not Be Named. In memory of Colonel Curtis Yarnell Kimball, US Army, who was willing to give his life for Iranians. Here's Curtis getting the OBE from Montgomery in Munich, April of 1945... ADDENDUM: In World War II, Curtis took what were called ""Special Service Courses."" He was trained in the use of the .45 pistol, the M1 Garand rifle, the Browning Automatic Rifle, the Browning .30 machine gun, the Browning .50 caliber machine gun, the 37mm cannon, the 60mm and 81mm mortars, and the Livens poison-gas projector. Curtis was also glider qualified, and he was trained in village warfare, urban warfare, jungle warfare, and day and night infiltration. In 1958, he was given Top Secret clearance in order to be trained by the air force in tactical nuclear weapons. He also tested the Chrysler T-V8 nuclear tank for the Marines. Other branches of the service kept trying to use Curtis's wide-ranging expertise in most fields, but the army sent him to Alaska, much in the way the army hid H. R. McMaster away in a school because he wouldn't stop criticizing. Curtis was a super-patriot who never recovered from the vindictive way that the State Department and army wrecked his career. He's one of the reasons why I hate liars and abusers..."
" The funniest thing on Earth? Democrats. Why? Because they want to remove from office. Do you know what happens if Donald Trump is removed from office? THIS GUY becomes president. A closer look. Now, I support the president 100 percent. But. Donald Trump is a deal maker. Does this look like a deal maker? That's because is NOT a deal maker. He WORKS for a deal maker, and he does a stellar job implementing his boss's agenda. But Mike Pence is very much his own man. That's why Trump hired him. Pence is a patriot and a brilliant man, like his boss. But Pence is also utterly unconcerned with how others see him. Mike Pence would be the most--how can I put this respectfully--hard NOSED president in the history of the country. AND if Trump were driven from office, Mike Pence would be VERY angry. He has a finely honed sense of justice. One of the dangers of being a police officer is that you get tunnel vision when chasing someone. Trump's enemies have tunnel vision. And tunnel BRAIN. President Pence would be President Terminator. In a month, he'd have Democrats screaming for Trump to return. That's why Democrats are the funniest people on earth. Followed closely by the alt-right..."
" Why do I say that people have to get smarter? Because of THIS. ""In response to violence in Charlottesville, Va., Gov. Terry McAuliffe praised law enforcement’s work, but also said that some demonstrators were better equipped than the State Police."" McAuliffe lied his ass off, and he was NEVER made to pay a price. State police SWAT, looking like a Green Beret. Fully automatic weapon and body armor. A mine resistant ambush protected (MRAP) vehicle. A second MRAP, with more cops looking like Green Berets. They were all told to stand down. Here's the killer's NON-ROADWORTHY car after the attack. The cops just watch it go past. You're not allowed to drive a car with a shattered windshield and the bumper hanging off. The cops--as well equipped as the Green Berets--were ordered to LET THE VIOLENCE HAPPEN. The goal was to get somebody killed. Then Trump would be blamed. Mission accomplished. Let me tell you about my neighbor. He had a dog named Banjo that he kept chained to his front porch while he was at work. Banjo barked and howled all day. So my brother and I went over to talk to the neighbor. He threw everything in the book us. Nobody else complained, we had extra-sensitive hearing, WE were making the dog bark, he couldn't do anything, the dog was just happy and talking, how would we like it someone made us shut up every time we tried to talk... You know what my brother and I did? WE STAYED ON POINT. ""There are noise laws. You're not allowed to let your dog bark all day. If you don't make it stop, we are going to sue you."" His final gambit: ""You're not even SAVED! You haven't accepted Jesus as your personal savior!"" ""There are noise laws. You're not allowed to let your dog bark all day. If you don't make it stop, we are going to sue you."" We were like machines. It took over an hour, but he got the message. Banjo went to live somewhere else. If I were used by Terry McAuliffe to evade responsibility, I would've STAYED ON POINT. ""The governor ordered his police to stand down. As a result, there was violence and a death. This is what happens when the police are ordered to stand down."" If I'd had to say it 5000 times, I would've. But the subject was changed to ""Trump didn't condemn Nazis, and that killed a woman!"" McAuliffe skated. Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel will ALSO skate. He successfully changed the subject. Just like McAuliffe did. That's why I never read from the script that people hand me. I don't fall into their traps. It took me FOREVER to learn to do that. YOU can learn too..."
" I just thought of something that might help explain how I feel about Trump and the Saudis. I had one great love, with who, I spent five years. When I met her, I recognized her. I already knew her. Everything was familiar. She was an extremely physically beautiful person who attracted a lot of male attention. She was a musician who favored the electric bass. Non-musicians may not understand, but for SOME reason, male musicians love female bassists who can slap. So ""Carmen"" was an excellent slapper. I put her on the back of my book. That's Scott Thunes (TOO-nis) below her. Thunes is easily one the greatest electric bassists in history. He improvises only. Never plays a song the same way twice. So back to Carmen. She liked a lot of music that I hated. Classical music. Prokofiev was her idol. I can't sit through stuff like this. So she went to a lot of concerts with guys who loved classical music. She was a tomboy, so all her friends were men. In the beginning of the relationship, we were both titanic drunks. So I heard stories that she cheated on me. I never confronted her. See, I believe that she'd stop. She went home from from Japan for Christmas-New Year's 1987-198, fully expecting me to cheat on her with my pal Lynne, who was British and looked just like Naomi Watts. But I didn't. So after that, everything was Jake. I can honestly say that for three years, I never had any doubts, suspicions, or fears. She worked in TV in San Francisco, so she went a of parties. I hate parties, so she went with guys she knew. See, I fully trusted her, so I didn't have to keep checking on her or having her justify herself. And that's how I feel about Trump and the Saudis. Since I trust them, I don't demand endless explanations. They don't have to account for every second of their time. When I came home and Carmen was gone, I knew she'd be doing something FINE. And when she came home, she'd say, ""Sorry, I went out and __________."" I never said, ""WHERE WERE YOU?"" In the end it didn't work out, because I wasn't meant to be with anyone. But for three years, things were fine. Since I trusted her, I didn't require that she prove her fidelity. I trust Trump and the Saudis. They don't have to prove anything to me..."
" Well, Truth Lover: Explain this. Here's the target of those puny rockets. See the river on the right? See the minaret? The video caption says, ""Here we are bombarding Damascus International Airport."" This is Damascus International Airport. NO RIVERS! The airport also doesn't have a mosque. Therefore, no minaret. I expect an answer from you. EXPLAIN THE DISCREPANCIES. Don't run away. Stand and defend ""truth."""
" just reminded me of something: Leftists think they're all edgy with these. Guess who beat them to it by a hundred years? The US Army. Specifically, the American Expeditionary Force (AEF), which fought in France and Italy in World War I. This was known officially as the ""Overseas Cap."" Guess what the soldiers called it? They used a four-letter word that starts with ""c"" and ends with ""t."" ""_ _ _ _ Cap."" And THAT is how edgy men were a century ago..."
" Happy Veterans Day to my father Edward Joseph Wictor, United States Coast Guard, 1948 to 1951. Edward died in 2013 at the age of 84. He was a solitary man who tried on occasion to break out of his shell. In 1948, Edward joined the Coast Guard and went to boot camp in Cape May, New Jersey. He was a farm boy from Iowa. Being a solitary man, Edward found boot camp hard. Barracks life was difficult. Every night, one boot talked for hours. Finally Edward marched to the man's bunk, pulled him down, and roared, ""SHUT UP, LIVER LIPS!"" That worked. Edward was assigned to the USCGC Androscoggin (WHEC-68), an Owasco class high endurance weather cutter. The Androscoggin patrolled Weather Station 21, a 210-mile square of ocean off the coast of Newfoundland. Each patrol lasted 30 days. Edward was the radio operator. Weather Station 21 was so rough that when Edward stood watch on the roof of the bridge, the ship would tilt to the degree that Edward could reach out and pout his hand in ocean. When the ship returned from patrol, the men were given leave. They went to New York City. Edward tried to make friends, but he was simply too uptight. He was raised to be silent and suspicious of strangers. He wasn't a man who smiled much. After several weather patrols, Edward requested transfer to the Pacific. He was assigned to a LORAN station. LORAN = long range navigation, a radio system for ships and aircraft. A LORAN chain consisted of one master station and two slaves. Edward would be sent to Roguron, Majuro Atoll, the Marshall Islands. First, Edward was sent to San Francisco, where he made Coast Guard history. SECRET history. I'll get back to that later. At Roguron, there were still too many people for Edward. The natives were very physically affectionate, which he found intrusive. You can see in this photo that he's trying hard to be a good sport. He once wore a lavalava for a photo, but he didn't like it. Edward came from a small town where teenagers recreated the Iwo Jima flag raising for the local funeral home float on Independence Day. Very Midwestern. Edward built flying model aircraft as a hobby. Finally he asked for a transfer to Bikati, where there were only four other men. That's where he finished out his service. Back to San Francisco. Edward was six feet, one inch tall, but he weighed only 168 pounds. He was abnormally strong. While on Roguron, he once swam to Arno, through seven miles of shark-infested water. He got tired of waiting for the boat. The water was clear enough that he could see the sharks, he said, so he wasn't worried. This photo was taken on leave in San Francisco. Edward is on the left. The three other seamen met women and took the dancing. Edward had no money, so he went to a tavern for one beer, all he could afford. The tavern was full of US Navy sailors, who called Edward a ""shallow-water sailor."" He left, and a sailor followed him out. On the street, the sailor grabbed Edward's shoulder to turn him around. Edward knocked the sailor out. The tavern began to empty. Since Edward was alone, he stood by the door and knocked out each sailor as he emerged. It was an assembly line. The Shore Patrol arrived in a jeep. Edward knocked them out too. Finally the San Francisco Police appeared, so Edward surrendered. There were piles of sailors on the street and in the tavern. The navy demanded a court martial, which they got. Edward had knocked out 25 sailors, all of whom testified. Then the Coast Guard officers thanked the witnesses and dismissed them. When all the navy personnel had left, all charges against Edward were dismissed. As he left the room, one of the officers who'd overseen the court martial gave Edward $200 in 1949 money. ""I've never been more proud of a man in my life,"" he said. ""Good luck, son."" Edward went to the Mark Hopkins Hotel. It has a legendary restaurant called Top of the Mark. In 1991, I brought home my fiancée to meet the parents. She was from San Francisco. Sometime during the three days she spent with my parents, Edward asked her if the Mark Hopkins was still there. He asked in passing. The relationship didn't work out. She married another man. But. She always knew instantly what was important to people. As soon as we got back to San Francisco, she sent my father a matchbook from the Top of the Mark, and she invited him to come to the city to have lunch there. Out of everything Edward said over three days, THAT was what she picked up on. My mother said Edward choked up when he read her note. Edward is gone, but I still have the matches from the Top of the Mark. Semper paratus, Edward."
" This is why you should listen to only me. (Ha.). ""A prominent Shiite analyst who is also close to the Saudi circles and who spoke to Al-Monitor on condition of anonymity believes that the resignation, whether coerced or otherwise, had been an unfortunate move by Riyadh."" No. Hariri resigned and went to Saudi Arabia because of an assassination threat. Only Hezbollah would want Harriri dead. ""'Hezbollah fighters are talking more and more of the possibility of a war, and they are preparing for it,' Hezbollah expert and correspondent of the Christian Science Monitor Nicholas Blanford told Al-Monitor."" Yes! With unused Model 1919 Browning machine guns. ""'This does not mean that Hezbollah is not fully prepared for a conflict,' he said — an opinion also shared by Ali Fadlallah, an expert in international law who spoke to Al-Monitor."" ""'Barking dogs [Israel] seldom bite. A war would mean a high price to pay for the Israel Defense Forces,' he added."" Guess which country I'm 100 percent sure will NOT fight Hezbollah? Israel! They don't have to. ""While a Saudi-Iranian direct confrontation is unlikely, a war on Hezbollah that would break Lebanon would also be highly counterproductive."" ""Such a case would turn Hezbollah from its expeditionary activities but would fail to weaken the organization militarily, which is comparable to an Arab army."" Wrong on all points, Mona Alami. A direct Saudi-Iranian confrontation is already taking place, Lebanon will not be ""broken,"" and a war with Hezbollah will demolish it into atoms, because Hezbollah is not comparable to ANY Arab army, The Saudis have everything under control. How do I know? Surprise! Hariri's back in Lebanon, and he's not going to resign. ""Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri, who returned to Beirut on Wednesday to a hero’s welcome, said he was putting his resignation on hold at President Michel Aoun’s request — a move analysts described as a positive outcome of Saudi Arabia's high-octane diplomacy."" ""High-octane diplomacy"" that included sending thousands of troops to Lebanon. But nobody can confirm it, so nobody can screech about it. The US is transferring advanced weaponry to the Lebanese army. What is the GOAL of the US and Saudi Arabia? Let Prime Minister Hariri explain: ""Hariri said Lebanon must remain neutral concerning external wars, regional conflicts, and anything that might harm its stability or its relations with Arab countries."" See that? NEUTRAL. Not pro-this or anti-that. Lebanon first. Hariri is back, and he isn't resigning. That means he has incredible security, free of charge. The Saudis are telling the truth: All they want is regional stability. NOT domination. Iran wants domination. Lebanon is now is a position to remain neutral. That's why Hariri went back. He now has the upper hand. He's being protected. The Saudis protect people without asking for fealty in return. WHY? Because NEUTRAL countries are more stable. The entire region must be stabilized so ALL Middle Easterners can benefit. Nobody in the region has ever offered help with no strings attached. Lebanon is just the latest country to accept that help. The Saudis offer stability and freedom. Iran and Nasrallah offer death and enslavement. Who do you think is more attractive to the region?"
" Nightmarish android lashes out in death throe of bitter failure; hilarity ensues. ""F*ck you all!"" android screeches. ""Now maybe the hot chicks will like me!"" android mumbles. ""D'OH! They still hate me, and THEY AREN'T HOT ANYMORE!"" ""Am I an idiot with no soul? Is that really what I am?"" "
" You obviously didn't follow the Battle of Mosul. Air and ground forces mapped the city for nine months. They created a three-dimensional digital model of every building, inside and out. The Islamic State had booby trapped thousands of buildings and roads. They had 500,000 human shields. The terrorists bulldozed entire city blocks to create killing zones hundreds of meters wide. All the roads into the city were booby trapped or blocked with concrete Jersey barriers. And the terrorists created a gigantic network of tunnels, bunkers, and fighting posts. It all failed. Technology and strategic commandos overcame the defenses. The REAL fighting was in Western Mosul. It took only five months. Urban combat is the hardest, most lethal form of warfare. Maybe 2000 civilians and 1200 Iraqi troops were killed. The civilians were killed by the terrorists. We're seeing armed conflict being made obsolete. This is called the Second Revolution in Military Affairs (2RMA). Almost nobody is ready to admit that it's happening, because ARABS are leading it. The best assault troops of world War One were Arabs, so I had no problem perceiving what's really happening. This isn't a surprise to me. The Israeli-Arab alliance IS making war obsolete. The PROOF is that we have no satellite photos of massive ground and amphibious operations. The GCC is fighting four major conflicts in secrecy. No photos, no video, and NO LEAKS. I don't get why more people aren't stunned..."
" Kazeroon City, Kazeroon County, Fars Province, Iran. The authorities were unable to stop this protest. AND. The protesters are chanting the slogan of the Nasser Division, led by Nasser Divan Kazerooni in World War I. ""Be prepared to rise up."" Persia was neutral in World War I, but she was invaded by the British, the Russians, the Ottoman Turks, and the Germans. Persians fought all sides for four years. At the end of the war, Britain forced the Anglo-Persian Agreement on Persia and tried to establish protectorates. Nasser Divan Kazerooni is almost totally forgotten by Iranians. He fought the British until he was captured and executed. Of course it's very possible that the people of Kazeroon remembered the slogan ""Be prepared to rise up."" It's also possible that someone reminded them of their forgotten history. What it means is that the mullahs are now considered foreign invaders. There's no going back now..."
" My own opinion on this. First, Ahed Tamimi is 19, not 16. You can see that she's an adult. Second, the Tamimi family are degenerates. They force their fat, unattractive daughters to wear headscarves, but they let Ahed show her sexy mane in order to turn on Islamist men. Ahed has been assaulting soldiers since she was ten or eleven. The Tamimi family goal is to get Ahed killed. Palestinian degenerates--NOT ALL PALESTINIANS--prefer their children dead because the Palestinian authority gives them money and fame. The Tamimis have tons of replacement daughters. Ahed means nothing to them except fame, money, and power. So PERSONALLY, I think the IDF is in an untenable position, and whatever they do will have negative consequences. The thing to remember is that the Tamimis are a special case. They are degenerates. I do know that the IDF gets played. This post OUTRAGED Jew-haters. Personally I think it was one of my finest moments. See if you can find the phrase that made Jew-haters insane with rage. This young Palestinian man is trying to help the soldiers resolve the issue. He's telling them that the nightmarish child is insane. You can see that the young man doesn't hate the Israelis. He seems very likable. The Israeli-Palestinian conflict is soon going to be resolved. There will be one state. Israel may become a federation. Or maybe Palestinians will all get Israeli citizenship. THIS is the real issue. The Israelis will make sure that Palestinians stop murdering each other in large numbers. And for that, the Palestinians will be grateful..."
" Why would a lawyer fly six times a week? There's no lawyer in the US with that name. UA1234 went from Tampa to Houston. But this person said her climate is to harsh for ferns. Houston is PERFECT for ferns. You know who has to fly almost daily? Open Society Foundations Program Officers. She joined Twitter seven months ago. She and the Soros employee are both fanatical Tump haters, and the one who account is still here is very concerned about New York politics. People tell every lie under the sun on social media. This person says she's been a lawyer for 21 years, but she's repeating total bullshit about what is and isn't legal. Remember, the Soros folks think that fake accounts are the ticket. This account is a mess. None of it makes sense..."
" I would be careful drawing ANY conclusions at this point. All we have are accusations. Comey isn't acting or talking like a man worried about his future. Presidents usually bring in their own teams. Trump likes to wind up the opposition. Remember this? Presidents--despite how people in the government talk about them--have massive power. For Trump to greet and call over Comey is VERY unusual. Look at Comey's expression. It turns out that is indeed Comey after all. IF he's looking at indictments, etc., he's not acting like it. Trump is the very, VERY rare president who puts country ahead of politics, personal gain, and revenge. I can't tell you anything for sure about this. My GUT tells me that Comey is not the man he's accused of being. It'll all come out in the wash..."
" I'm still on Twitter sabbatical. I need time away from this. But. Let me show you how LITTLE the ""experts"" and ""insiders"" actually know. Ask anybody in the field, and they'll say the first modern surveillance aircraft was the Israeli Tadiran Mastiff, used in the 1973 war. The mastiff was the first aircraft to transmit real-time images using video uplinks. All other spy aircraft and satellites used film. The aircraft had to return to base, and the film cartridge was removed so the images could be processed. Spy satellites dropped film cartridges to earth. A very cumbersome system. Nobody--not even the Israelis--knew about German Lieutenant Colonel Wilhem Siegert, commander of the Inspectorate of Flying Troops in World War I. On August 12, 1918, Siegert went aloft in an Albatros C.VII, a two seater. He was in the rear seat. Siegert flew over a French artillery position, drew a map of it, and transmitted it by radio to a receiving station in Döberitz, Germany. He'd invented technology that converted radio waves to imagery. Therefore the first real-time aerial surveillance transmission took place sixty years before all the ""experts"" and ""insiders"" claim. Siegert wrote in his diary the reaction he got from his superiors: ""Now it is not far off for wireless telephony and transmission of original photographs."" ""How they reacted with hostility when I suggested this theme. 'Infinite insanity! Concern yourself with replacement personnel, not with soap bubbles!' From these soap bubbles aviation will thrive in days to come."" Siegert was sixty years ahead of his time. We had to reinvent the wheel, because ""experts"" and ""insiders"" were actually butt-ignorant and didn't even know it. This is the sort of thing that REALLY brings me down. So I'm taking a vacation. Later..."
" I had remarkably good-looking parents. Both are past fifty in these photos. As a young man, I always hated the way I looked. But now it plays no part in anything. That's why when urine-colored microcephalics make fun of my looks, it doesn't mean anything to me. Obviously the guy cares about HIS looks. He's on the same boat as me. Someday he'll be old. He'll be a terribly unhappy old man. Which is what he deserves. Ha... ADDENDUM: My half-brother hit the genetic jackpot. I'm just happy for him. Some people are luckier than others. I enjoy their good luck. "
" asks a question. The answer is that Obama was playacting, dawdling, and micromanaging. PRETENDING to do things while running out the clock. In 2015 I tried to make a documentary about how Hamas murdered Ismail, Mohammed, Ahed, and Zakaria Bakr and blamed it on the IDF. I wanted to use only open sources, but the filmmaker insisted on bringing in the IDF. Well, I didn't want to IMPOSE on the IDF. It's the same reason that I haven't contacted Roy Moore or his campaign. THEY'RE BUSY! The documentary I WANTED to make never materialized. Instead, I got a totally worthless ""balanced"" turd that allowed Palestinian terrorists to spout their lies. So I demanded that my name be taken off the thing, and it died quietly. BUT. It was conveyed to me that the IDF position was ""This is war. These things happen. The sooner we take responsibility, the sooner it goes away."" Well, did it go away? No. And yet there's no question: HAMAS MURDERED THE FOUR BOYS. What we had at the time was the idea that this would go on forever. THAT is what Obama was told by HIS ""experts."" Well, by watching videos and reading Arabic and Hebrew-language news reports, I became convinced that the Gulf Cooperation Council funded Israeli weapon development to the tune of trillions. This was OBVIOUSLY the most classified operation ever carried out by Israel. Only a handful of people knew about it. That's why the IDF was resigned to endless war. Saudi Defense Minister Sultan bin Abdulaziz Al Saud always said that Saudi Arabia needed its own manufacturing base. Not even Saudis believed that it could be done. Basically, we were all trapped by tradition, pessimism, bigotry, self-doubt, and cynicism. The man who SECRETLY began changing everything was Saudi King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, who died in 2015. My guess is only a handful of people knew what he was up to. The Saudi armed forces are PROBABLY the best in the world. But it took years of training, as WELL AS new weaponry. Saudi Special Forces with the Israeli MATADOR, on parade, for all the world to see. King Abdullah, King Salman, and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman refused to accept that things couldn't be done. So they made peace with Israel and then reformed EVERYTHING. Mohammed bin Salman says that Saudis just want to live in a ""normal country"" that contributes to the world. He's sick of the whole negative mess. All negativity has to go. Along comes TRUMP, another leader who never thinks, ""It can't be done."" I have no doubt that the Saudis sat Trump down and explained, and he said, ""BRILLIANT! Count me in!"" THAT'S why they welcomed him that way. Fundamentally, SAUDI ARABIA is leading the charge for global change. No other American president would accept a ""back seat."" Well, Trump wants to make AMERICA great again. If Pence and the Saudis are handling geopolitics, Trump is freed up to make deals, like the ones he made with China. I won't link to it, but the Chinese just ran their first-ever public-service announcement, telling people to stop with the mind-boggling cruelty to animals that they eat. So the CHINESE are trying to improve. Obama groveled and apologized. Trump said, ""Why are you doing that? Knock it off. Let's figure out what we can agree on."" Chinese political analysts said that Trump is the first American to treat them as an equal. I have a BA degree in history. Chinese history is one of being conquered by EVERYBODY. Similar to Arab history. Trump doesn't make groveling apologies. Instead, he sits and listens. That's all it took. So what did Obama do? He wasted eight years. But. The locals are cleaning up the mess faster than we ever could, because they see an amazing future. They see incredible opportunity. I agree with them. NOW I believe that ALL problems have a solution. It just takes patience to figure out the solution and courage to implement it..."
" This is probably important. I don't know what this is, but it's in the hands of the protesters. My guess is that it's a range-finding device. The police station was then destroyed. Kazeroun is the birthplace of Nasser Divan Kazerooni, who fought the British in World War One. The protesters have revived his slogan. ""Be prepared to rise up..."""
" August of 2016. On August 12, Strzok and Page talk about how someone ""flipped."" That name has four letters. I got my frigging YEARS wrong, so I had to delete some tweets. In a couple of minutes, I'll show you WHY I got my years wrong. On August 17, 2016, Trump receives his first national-security briefing. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper conducts the briefing. Michael Flynn sits in. Listen to what Susan Rice says here. Rice says that from AUGUST they were getting more and more information about Russia interfering in the electoral process. In AUGUST. The DNC e-mails were published in June and July of 2016. Wikileaks published them on July 22, 2016. The FBI announced its investigation on July 25, 2016. The US Intelligence Community told Congress on December 9, 2016, that Russia had hacked the DNC e-mails. On July 27, 2016, the Washington Post published TWO articles claiming that the Russians were trying to get Trump elected. I can't access them, but here they are on Google. In July of 2016, Christopher Steele showed the FBI his ""Trump dossier,"" and we know what happened after that. So the FBI opens its investigation into the DNC e-mail leak on July 25, 2016, and on July 27, 2016, the media starts reporting that the Russians are trying to get Trump elected. Rice said that in August of 2016, the Obama administration began ""getting more and more reports"" of Russian interference in the electoral process, but the press was already declaring Trump a Russian stooge by July. So the FBI was leaking to the press by July at the latest. And then on August 12, 2016, Strzok and Page talk about someone ""flipping."" I think Trump and Flynn anticipated what would be done. They probably figured it out even before the FBI and the press decided to paint Trump as a Russian stooge. We've got a SECOND Trump dossier. Did you know that? Cody Shearer is another Clinton fanatic. AND there's another Steele memo. THIS information was provided by the Obama State Department. You know what all of this is? A virtual death sentence for this guy. There's no question. THAT'S why the Susan Rice e-mail surfaced. How did Grassley and Graham ""come across"" it? How did Horowitz ""use technology"" to recover all the Strzok-Page messages? Trump and Flynn were 5000 steps ahead the whole time. When the investigations are done, the entire Obama administration will have been exposed as a criminal enterprise. How do I know that? BECAUSE I WAS ABLE TO PUT THE PIECES TOGETHER. With my rattletrap brain and aching body, I was to DIAGRAM everything. That's why I have nothing but contempt for people who try to scare you with endless stories of doom. They are liars and idiots. Here's the point in which you should tune people out: ""Trump needs to _________"" Don't even listen to the rest. It's worthless yappery. Everything's coming together EXACTLY as Trump and Flynn planned. This operation has a million moving parts. And Trump knows where each of them is. So relax, laugh at the Obamas' portraits, and ignore everyone who tells you anything negative. They are purveyors of rubbish..."
" YUP. I was right. The Iranian Arabs are the ones who will take this to the next level. Watch how they utterly confuse the cops. They're all texting each other. This whole thing is choreographed. It's like a juggling act. They're all switching places so that the cops can't focus on one guy. ""Don't mind me. Just out for a walk. Dum-de-dum, doo-de-doo."" Hiya. ""Signaling? ME? Perish the thought!"" In the military, this would be called an ""open formation."" By not standing still, they don't become a target. Think of how often you see a crowd confronting cops. It's always two sides, right? These guys are making it impossible for the cops to do anything, really. It's a protest, but they're simply...milling. This would be VERY unnerving to Iranian cops. No yelling, no fist shaking. The title of the video says that they're telling the cops that this is a nonviolent protest. This is masterful psychological warfare. I've never seen a crowd come out and just walk in circles, everyone with his hands behind his back. They're acclimating the cops to their presence. No batons, no riot shields, no tear gas. But a street full of calm men with their arms behind their backs. Waiting. Watching. Shrugging off the cops as if they don't exist. The mullahs are VERY afraid. You bet. The people now have the upper hand..."
" North Korea. ""Worse Than Nazi Camps."" So, what's the solution? ""The ICC should now investigate and prosecute Kim for crimes against humanity, the report concludes, as well as complicit members of the Workers’ Party of Korea and its Politburo."" Okay. Let's look at the ICC. ""After gathering evidence and identifying a suspect, the Prosecution requests ICC judges to issue: an arrest warrant: the ICC relies on countries to make arrests and transfer suspects to the ICC;"" ""2. or a summons to appear: suspects appear voluntarily (if not, an arrest warrant may be issued)."" So, the ICC will ask Kim Jong-un and his henchmen to voluntarily appear. If they DON'T, the ICC Will ask Kim and his henchmen to ARREST THEMSELVES. The Norks are now working on bioweapons. Guess who's selling them the equipment? Germany, among others. A wee bit o' irony, don't you think? In honor of Germany selling the Norks equipment to make bioweapons, I'll tell you a joke: Q: What the difference between the bombing of Dresden and a German standup comedian? A: The bombing of Dresden makes you laugh. My guess is that we're approaching a change in North Korea. There was another ""earthquake"" at their nuclear testing site. Everybody's watching the various military exercises. That ain't where they should be looking. But they SHOULD be looking there, if you know what I mean..."
" More background on Roy Moore that nobody is CURRENTLY telling you. The charges were dismissed. ""Those who support him now don’t like to be quoted. They say it’s unpopular to support Moore because his enemies are in high places."" ""He’s unemployed now, having quit his job to run for office — a campaign that sapped him of his savings, the retirement money he had accumulated in his job, and his enthusiasm."" ""'The question is not whether I can prove such charges, but whether or not I have violated ethical standards by asserting that such a court system is corrupt and needs changing.'"" ""'I do request that this matter be made public … and that I have the right to subpoena the individuals necessary to prove my charges in a public hearing.'"" ""He was angered to see advertisements against him paid by 'Parents Against Drug Dealers.'"" ""The Gadsden Times also quoted District Attorney Bill Rayburn that the judge’s concern was part of a backlash to criticism made by Moore about the court system."" ""Moore also believes that is the case. He traces all his problems to December 1979, when his criticisms of the courts were spelled out in a story by M.D. Garmon of The Gadsden Times."" ""'It all goes back to that article — that, and the fact that I never backed off of them,' he says, pointing to the clipping in one of his scrapbooks. After the article, 'no one talked to me for two weeks,' he says."" ""Apparently, the same fate befell the reporter, who told a Birmingham newspaper he had been in 'hot water' with courthouse officials ever since the story appeared."" ""Garmon told The Birmingham News reporter that 'I’ve been accused of being Moore’s press agent. But it looks like to me that Moore has bucked the system and some people around here don’t like it.'"" ""Other problems Moore encountered involved his fight to have Ronnie Rampey convicted on an ethics violation charge and forced from his office as mayor of Glencoe. Moore won that long court battle."" ""'I really believed that if things were wrong I could do something about it. I could change it,' he says. 'I have fought fairly and lost. I won’t fight unfairly.'"" ""'After I lost the judgeship, I thought it would end, but they don’t want to stop with that. They want my license. They want to do anything they can to keep me from practicing law.'"" ""'Either I’ve got to be the worst son of a gun there ever was or there’s something wrong.'"" ""He is discouraged about the legal and political system, and says he has no plans at present to practice law."" ""He is also trying not to be bitter. 'I’m tired,' he says. 'I put everything into this. I lost all my retirement and all the money I had saved. I obtained loans from my stepfather.'"" With $300 to his name, Moore moved to Galveston. In nine months, at the age of 35, working full time, he became a champion kick boxer. Does this sound like a man who compulsively propositions underage girls? Or does he sound like one of the few men who you are ABSOLUTELY SURE would not do that? It's so clear to me now: This is a hit job. The Ten Commandments controversy overshadowed everything and made it easy to stereotype Roy Moore. He'll make a fine senator. I have no doubt. He's indifferent to how the corrupt and the weak feel about him. ""I can't spare this man. He fights."" --Abraham Lincoln on the brilliant and turbulent Ulysses S. Grant "
" There was never a chance that that these accusations were true. At the time, the woman was a 28-year-old mother of three. We're being told that the judge is oriented toward pubescent children and teenagers. A hebephile is oriented to those between 11 and 14 years old, and an ephebophile is oriented to those between 15 and 19 years old. Such a man would never view a 28-year-old mother as sexually attractive. Ask any psychiatrist. The accusation was that Moore behaved like an animal, assaulting the woman in front of her mother...but the mother didn't notice. This particular accusation was VERY salacious. It was related in an attempt to turn people on. I wondered why this wording was used. I found the answer immediately. Let's go back to the story about the Alabama accuser. This is from the article. ""It was at that point, she recalled, he grabbed her buttocks. ""'He didn't pinch it; he grabbed it,' said Johnson. She was so surprised she didn't say anything. She didn't tell her mother."" Do you see what happened? Writer Anna Claire Vollers censored the accuser's words. ""He didn't pinch IT; he grabbed IT."" The accuser said ""my butt"" or ""my ass."" Vollers left that out in order to reduce the salacious nature of the accusation. Vollers ALSO editorialized: This is the ORIGINAL VERSION of Vollers's piece. It tipped me off that the accusations were an organized political hit job. ""Johnson was vulnerable, to make an understatement."" That's from a JOURNALIST. The sentence was removed on November 15, 2017. The cached article above is the only one left on the entire Internet that still has the original wording. Took me a while to find it. The same story talks about the judge calling a high school in the middle the day, to ask a 17-year-old out on a date. THAT would be the behavior of a compulsive ephebophile. Two problems: A review of Roy Moore's ENTIRE LIFE shows zero evidence of compulsiveness. The exact OPPOSITE emerges. He's a man of superhuman discipline and self-control. A second problem is that a pathologically compulsive ephebophile would never in a million years see a 28-year-old mother of three as a sexual object. One accusation debunks the other, and the first accusation falls apart until scrutiny. This isn't journalism. It's political assassination. To use a quaint, old-fashioned word, it's immoral. It's wrong..."
" Aha! ""PM Al-Abadi orders the Air Force to strike Daesh leadership near Al-Dashisha in Syrian territory."" It's VERY hard to get intelligence on the Islamic State leadership. The Iraqis are working with Arab allies in Syria. No doubt. What's important is that none of this is leaking beforehand. And nobody know how the Iraqis are getting their intelligence. No leaks there either. How has Iraq changed? The Minister of the Interior is Qasim al-Araji, former Iranian Quds Force. Al-Araji was twice detained by US troops for aiding Moqtada al-Sadr's Mahdi Army, which was run by the Iranians. He spent two years in prison. On February 23, 2017, the commander of Combined Joint task Force Operation Inherent Resolve US Army General Stephen J. Townsend met with his Iraqi counterparts to get a status report. When Townsend arrived, he met by Minister al-Araji, who had made an unannounced visit. On the record, without prompting, al-Araji took responsibility for Iraq's inability to fight the Islamic State in 2014, and he thanked the United States for its help. General Townsend was floored and had to furiously vamp. It was all caught on camera and broadcast to the country. This is a former QUDS FORCE member thanking the United States. The Iraqis handled it masterfully. Do it unannounced, don't make a big deal about it, and then move on. But THAT was a nuclear explosion, my friends. Don't kid yourselves..."
" Pure coincidence, I'm sure. Old Firefox logo. New Firefox logo. "
" Manafort was indicted for failing to disclose his work for Ukraine. He allegedly violated the Foreign Agents Registration Act (FARA). Between 1966 and 2015, the Department of Justice indicted seven people for violating FARA. One conviction, two guilty pleas, two guilty pleas to non-FARA charges, and two cases dismissed. Manafort did TONS of lobbying. He never registered under FARA. General Michael Flynn DID register under FARA, after it was discovered that he had not. Although Flynn Intel Group was paid to lobby for Turkey, Flynn never did. I'll be very surprised if any criminal charges are filed against General Flynn. My view is that the general knew exactly what he was doing. He created a non-official cover (NOC) persona. The NOC Flynn was a rabbit. The way counter-espionage works, President Trump didn't ASK the general to do anything, and the general didn't tell the president. General Flynn became a flak-catcher. He was already a very controversial figure. This is my circumstantial evidence that the general broke no laws and created a NOC persona for strategic distraction: The general knew he was being recorded when he spoke to Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. The general did no lobbying for Turkey. And the general never signed the pledge that Trump required all his appointees and nominees sign: He wouldn't become a lobbyist for five years after he left the Trump administration. The NOC Flynn was the National Security Advisor. What did the NOC Flynn accomplish? It seems so long ago, but remember the hysteria over the eeeeeeevil H. R, McMaster? He's a Muslim terrorist! A Muslim terrorist controlled by Jews, that is. I told you at the time that the people making these accusations were fame-whores, liars, and stupid bastards. Have you noticed that they ALL STOPPED TALKING ABOUT MCMASTER? They were as easily led as children. And THAT'S what the NOC Flynn does. He distracts, deceives, misleads, and confuses. ALL THE RIGHT PEOPLE are his prey. Patriotic Americans must keep General Flynn in their thoughts. He did this for US. This was not a suicide mission, but it was as close as you can get to one without actually dying. Why did the general do it? Because he loves this country, and he loves US. This was a VERY hazardous mission, and the general has not yet returned to base. He's still in the field. But I think he'll be all right. He appears to weathering this well. "
" was Obama's foreign-policy adviser. See? Rhodes wishes death on those who disagree with him. Just like Hezbollah. It might be a good idea to deport to Iran. As a country, we don't need people with a terrorist mindset. Besides, is in love with the Iranian mullahs and Hezbollah. He should be among kindred spirits, not here, where people oppose terrorism. Here's something should think about: The Obama administration's secret love affair with Hezbollah was just ONE of the things you guys did. What else will Trump expose? Democrats = the party of terrorism. That'll win you elections..."
" Redemption. See, Trump is redeeming HIMSELF. The president has never said a bad word about his father, but Fred Trump Jr died of alcoholism at 43, and the president initially refused to join his father's company. We all know that the president had a...riotous personal life. His flaws are those of failure, not those of active destruction of others. I can see how a man of towering intellect would despise his own weaknesses. AND a flawed man who redeemed himself would be able to help OTHERS redeem themselves. The word ""judge"" has become one of the gross leftist terms: ""Don't judge me!"" But Trump doesn't judge. He listens and then offers chances. There's a line in the film ""The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp"" ""Who can describe hydrophobia better than one who has been bitten and is now immune?"" Hydrophobia is rabies. Trump understands why people fail, because he himself has failed. But he's already redeemed himself a billion times over. So he offers redemption. Great leaders bring out the best in people. Ryan initially opposed Trump. And then they both fooled us. Amazing stuff..."
" Since the world is obsessed with missile strikes, let's talk about Wild Weasels. A Wild Weasel is ANY aircraft tasked with SEAD, or Suppression of Enemy Air Defenses. A Wild Weasel fires HARMs (High-speec Anti Radiation Missiles). A HARM is a guided missile in reverse. It follows radar emissions to their source. If you are in a ground-based radar installation, and you turn on your radar, that makes you a target for Wild Weasels. In the past, Wild Weasels were two-seat aircraft. There was a pilot in the front seat and the electronic warfare officer, called the EWO (pronounced ""ee whoa""). In 1991, the Wild Weasel role was assigned to the F-16 Fighting Falcon, a single-seat aircraft. The pilot is now the EWO too. The role of Wild Weasels is to TRICK THE ENEMY into turning on their radar. That's why the motto of Wild Weasels is ""YGBSM"". ""You Gotta Be Shittin' Me."" A Vietnam-era patch with the motto. I saw a great cartoon years ago that showed the pilot and EWO of a Wild Weasel. The pilot's head had a giant hole in it, and the EWO's toes were clenched into snail shapes. Surface-air-missiles (SAMs) are gigantic. The Russian S-400. Those are containers for SAMs. These missiles LOOK amazing, but they have a weakness. They aren't maneuverable. So behold the unbelievable tactic of the Wild Weasel: They operate in teams. One aircraft goads the radar installation into turning on the radar. If the team is fast enough, they can destroy the installation before it fires. But the installation can often fire a missile. So the target aircraft sees the missile coming. The aircraft takes NO EVASIVE ACTION. The missile hones in. Closer, closer, closer. And at the very last second, the aircraft turns on its side. The missile whooshes past. The missile is unable to find the aircraft again, so it flies around aimlessly until it runs out of fuel and crashes. Sometime in April of 2015, a Saudi Air Force pilot uploaded a video of a Wild Weasel using that maneuver. The target aircraft was an F-15 Eagle. I've never been able to find the video, but it was described by multiple news sources. The tactic of using one Wild Weasel to goad the enemy into firing a missile is called ""Here Kitty Kitty."" Another motto of Wild Weasels is ""First In, Last Out."" In 2015, American B-52 bombers trained with the Jordanian Air Force. A Jordanian F-16 Wild Weasel. It has a Texas Instruments AN/ASQ-213 HARM Targeting Systems (HTS) pod. YGBSM...!"
" People don't know anything. Therefore I will now--off the top of my head--draw up a military plan to rescue the Jewish inmates of the Nazi death camps. The rescue would have to take place at every camp simultaneously. If not, the guards at the OTHER camps would begin murdering the inmates once they heard that the rescue attempt was happening. In November of 1944, Heinrich Himmler ordered that all gassing cease at the death camps. The inmates were forced to dismantle most of the camps to hide the evidence. Then the inmates were sent on death marches. The US confirmed the Final Solution in November of 1942. So we had two years to formulate a rescue operation. The problem is that we were unable to invade Europe until June 6, 1944. So that reduces the window of opportunity to five months. In order to rescue all inmates at all death camps simultaneously, we would've needed about 15,000 commandos. They would have to be flown in. Otherwise there would be no element of surprise. On June 6, 1944, we dropped 13,000 paratroopers. So the rescue operation for the Jewish inmates of the Nazi death camps would be larger than D-Day. We'd need about 1000 C-47 troop carriers. Somehow they'd have to be secretly brought in to within 800 miles from each death camp. That's the maximum two-way range of the aircraft. Before the drop, pathfinders would have to be dropped. These are the guys who mark the drop zone for the pilots of the C-47s. Since there was no radio jamming technology in World War II, there'd be no way to keep the Nazis from alerting all the other camps that a rescue was being carried out. So the best you could hope for was that the Nazis would voluntarily refrain from murdering the inmates while the paratroopers were dropped, assembled, and then attacked. In other words, it's a total FANTASY to claim that we could've rescued the Jewish inmates of the death camps. How about blaming the NAZIS? Like I said, I can debunk this stuff all day. You won't win. I've got you all beat. Try me..."
" On August 18, 1976, North Korean soldiers murdered US Army Captain Arthur Bonifas and 1st Lieutenant Barnett--for chopping down a tree. The tree partially blocked the view of UN observers. It was in the Joint Security Area (JSA) of the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). The Americans had every right to cut down the tree. The Norks said that it was a SACRED TREE planted by their Great Leader. So the Norks killed the Americans with axes. The Norks THEN accused the US of an unprovoked attack on their peaceful border guards. Gerald Ford had a ""crisis meeting."" He didn't want to ESCALATE. Captain Bonifas and 1st Lieutenant Barnett were unable to give their opinion on the danger of escalation, since they'd been murdered. So we carried out Operation Paul Bunyan. GET IT? We cut down the tree. THAT showed them! The men who went into the Joint Security Area were armed with pistols and axe handles. See, it was vital to not PROVOKE the murders who had carried out an unprovoked attack and lied about it. A whole bunch of useless crap was done: B-52s flew, Special Forces yelled, artillery pieces were wheeled out... We wouldn't have used them. Ford cared only about NOT ESCALATING TENSIONS. In the end, THEY DIDN'T EVEN CUT DOWN THE TREE. It stood there until 1987. I knew a guy who was an Air Force clerk at the time. He was ordered into a foxhole with a machine gun. He said he KNEW IT MEANT NOTHING. Two men murdered, and the Norks got off scot-free. That's why THIS is significant: That was a rehearsal. Trump doesn't care about hurting the Norks' feelings. They're insane, destructive criminals who need to be smashed into the ground. They have NO DEFENSES AGAINST US. It's time for an example to be made..."
" This reminds me of what an emergency physician told me. Meet Demetric Denario Carter, who survived. Mr. Carter had seen too many movies and video games. He didn't know that getting shot HURTS LIKE HELL. I was in the emergency room for an attack of gastritis. It felt like I'd eaten bayonets and razor blades. The doctor said that my stomach was so inflamed that he couldn't believe how stoic I was. Well, I'm very used to pain of all kinds, so I don't cry or scream. The doctor told me that the people who scream and cry the most in emergency rooms are...gangsters. Thugs. Career criminals. They grew up watching movies like ""Scarface,"" in which someone is shot dozens of times and doesn't react. You see that a lot in Hollywood. ""It's just a flesh wound."" Well, flesh is YOU. If I shove a dagger into your bicep, THAT'S a flesh wound. You think that won't hurt? Today on the radio, a California legislator said that all sexual harassment complaints and sexual assault complaints are covered up by the ""Ethics Committee."" Apparently a MAJORITY of California legislators harass and assault women. These are the same people who are releasing career criminals who are too stupid to know that getting shot HURTS. This is MAYHEM. Black lives matter? Really? Then why don't you teach your colossal loser of a son, ""Bullets--especially the expanding kind that police use--will hurt when they hit you""? Demetric Denario Carter thought that he is allowed to give orders to the police. He doesn't understand how anything works. And now he gets to spend the rest of his life in prison. Black lives matter? When are you going to start acting AS THOUGH THEY DO? This guy had a VISIBLE GUN in his back pocket, and the cops talked to him for two minutes before using a TASER. They fired ONLY after HE FIRED. Black lives matter to those COPS. Not to Demetric Denario Carter's parents..."
" This is what happens when you prepare the battlefield for more than two years. ""Advances were made in Saada, Hajjah, Hodeidah, Taiz and al-Bayda, marking a shift towards a deciding battle in the coming weeks, especially on the west coast fronts."" These are the advances made in the past four days. The port of Hodaidah on the west coast is the last point of entry for Iranian weapons. All other points of entry have been closed. On September 21, 2014, the Houthis overthrew the government, which was based in Sana'a, in the north. Acting president Mansour Hadi resigned and fled to Aden in the south. The Houthis then launched an offensive on March 21, 2015, to take over the entire country. The Houthis are Shia jihadists. Their goal is to turn Yemen into a center for the export of international jihad. They're the Shia version of the Islamic State. The Houthi flag. God is great Death to America Death to Israel A curse on the Jews Victory to Islam By March 25, 2015, the Houthis had taken all of Aden except for two pockets: Little Aden (left) and Crater (right). These two pockets were defended by soldiers loyal to President Hadi, men of the Southern Movement--a separatist group--and armed civilians. The Saudis began an air campaign on March 26, 2015. The air campaign was intended to keep the Houthis from taking Little Aden and Crater. The Saudi air dropped supplies to the people holding Little Aden and Crater. In May of 2015, fifty (50) UAE Presidential Guard and Saudi-trained Yemeni commandos were landed in Little Aden. They split into two groups: One for Little Aden, and one for Crater. These two groups of commandos went outside of the barricades and hunted Houthis with advanced weaponry including rockets. They also called in air strikes. The 50 men held off about 40,000 Houthis for three months. On August 4, 2015, thousands of armored vehicles broke out of Aden. These vehicles were landed in secret. To this day, it's not known how the Saudis did it. As the armored vehicles broke out of Aden and disappeared, a massive ground force entered Yemen from al-Wadiah, Saudi Arabia. Some reports said it was a many as 180,000 men. It raced to Marib. There's no video or photos of this ground force advancing. We don't know what they had with them. The Saudi-led Coalition could easily have raised 180,000 men. What's amazing is that these giant amphibious and ground operations were never captured by any camera or satellite. After taking Marib, the Coalition then spent over two years preparing the battlefield. They conducted reconnaissance and mapped ALL the Houthi defenses. The Houthis had laid over 1 million land mines. Largest mining operation since World War II. One of the things the Coalition had to do was weed out the double agents. The Saudi and Emirati commanders of Special Forces were killed when their secret base was hit with a Houthi ballistic missile. This was early in the operation. The Coalition hasn't suffered any such betrayals since. After more than two years of preparations, the Yemenis are now rolling up the Houthis. You can have a fast war that kills many people, or you can have a slw war that kills far fewer people. Everything you're hearing about Yemen is a ridiculous lie. No genocide, no mass starvation, no mass disease outbreaks. There is literally NO EVIDENCE for any of these claims. Countries that spend over two years preparing the battlefield don't slaughter and starve civilians. The press is simply parroting Houthi propaganda. Has any reporter laid out a timeline of events for you, the way I just did? No. They're stenographers, not journalists. Yemen--like Iran--will soon be free. It's a VERY turbulent country, so Yemenis have to decide if they going to fight each other for all eternity, or if they're going to knock it off and cooperate. With the Iranian mullahs out of the picture, the prospects for peace are quite good..."
" Roseanne Barr. She has a new series coming out. Her Twitter account was HER OWN views. Roseanne is a performer. Performers HAVE TO perform. It's a drive. Think of how many projects are canceled because of ONE THING that a person said. It's just the world we live in. Roseanne isn't COMPROMISING anything, and there are many others who discuss what she discusses. Roseanne walked away from show business. They've been after he for TEN YEARS to do another season of her show. She finally agreed. The show is about current affairs. People will have their sacred cows turned into yummy hamburgers. Discretion is the better part of valor. I myself am a nobody, so I can do this. Roseanne can't do things like that right now, because too many people are relying on her for their living. So that's the context..."
" The US finally says what I always knew, that the Turks are lying. ""We have communicated at those levels, and they understand exactly what truth is."" I just wouldn't have the patience to deal with endlessly lying children. Thank God I'm not in charge of anything..."
" Let's talk about San Francisco, the city that just let a murder off because of his nationality and legal status. I lived in San Francisco from 1991 to 1993. It was HORRIBLE. San Francisco had at the time a MASSIVE number of fatalities cause by pedestrians just walking out in front of you. They felt ENTITLED to jaywalk. If you honked your horn, they'd casually shoot the bird and slow down, holding up the whole street. Every other resident was a bicycle courier, so this is where the fascist urban bicycle culture came from Whatever you did in your car pissed off a bicyclist, so he'd dent your door with fist and then want to fight you. The entire city stank of urine. Homeless people mugged you on the street. My brother went there three years ago. At night he heard a strange roaring, splashing noise. He finally identified it: power washers. They were cleaning the streets of the day's accumulation of urine, feces, vomit, and blood. When I lived in San Francisco, I knew a woman who graduated from my high school in Norway. One day we were driving down Market Street. ""Why is there so much garbage everywhere?"" I asked. Her answer explains why San Francisco is doomed: ""Everyone here is Mexican, and the Mexicans are an agrarian people. They're used to fertilizing their crops with fruit rinds. So they throw wrappers on the ground."" I was stunned. ""Are you saying that Mexicans are too stupid to know asphalt and concrete from plowed earth, and they can't tell fruit rinds from plastic wrappers?"" No answer. ""I seriously want to know what you think,"" I said. ""Are Mexicans in a constant state of hallucination, seeing the plowed earth and cottages with thatched roofs instead of sidewalks and skyscrapers?"" No answer. San Francisco is about POLITICAL ORTHODOXY. That's why the street lamps are falling over. They're rusted through from the urine. They erected a new apartment building that's tipping. Nothing can be done to stop the building from falling. Everyone who bought apartments is screwed. Nobody cares. Expressing outrage is...Trumpian. So the city defiantly cuts its own throat. They look at Alabama and say, ""This'll show you!"" And Alabamans scratch their heads in bewilderment. San Franciscans have a death wish. But. They aren't happy killing themselves. They want to take US with them, in a murder-suicide. Murder-suicide is the ultimate power trip. They kill YOU and then escape the consequences (they think) by killing themselves. Don't let San Francisco win. Vote like CRAZY in 2018 and 2020. They want us dead. Like them..."
" A story. I grew up with Padma Lakshmi. She was a very close friend of my cousin. When I knew her, she was very nice. Had a very sweet nature. Today my brother and I were supposed to go swimming. On Wednesday, the man we call the Pool Guardian was there again. He's a former athlete who put on over a hundred pounds. The first day my brother and I were at that pool, he was hawking and spitting. This is our fifth pool. We're being chased away by swine who treat the pool as a toilet. So after the Pool Guardian hawked and spat six times, I got into his lane. He swam right into me. When he stood up, I did this. ""Uh...hi,"" he said. ""Could you please stop spitting?"" I asked. ""Oh. You want me to do it in the pool?"" he asked. ""No. I don't want you to do it at all."" ""Well, it's gotta come outta my head,"" he said. ""That's fine,"" I said. ""Take it somewhere else. This isn't your pool, and you're being disgusting. We shouldn't have to hear that."" He swam away without another word, but he started hitting the water really hard, like a baby having a tantrum. Then he disappeared for over a month. He came back on Wednesday, even fatter. He has a 90-inch waist. No spitting, but he got into a shouting match with another man in his lane. That guy told my brother and me that the Pool Guardian--a demon that guards the pool--is a infamous a-hole with a bad temper. So today I woke up with a headache. I had to get some prescription refills before we went swimming. I felt horrible. There was just this sense of looming insanity and disaster. Parked and got out of my car. Out of nowhere, here comes Padma Lakshmi. I haven't seen her since 1985. ""Hi!"" she said and kept walking. ""Padma?!"" I asked. She stopped and turned around. ""No. My name is Robyn (Robin?)."" ""You look exactly like someone I once knew,"" I said. Just to make sure, I said, ""You don't know ______________, do you?"" ""No,"" Robyn said. ""Is she still alive?"" Now, would you expect that question in a billion years? ""No,"" I said. ""She died two months ago."" ""I'll pray for her,"" Robyn said. ""And I'll pray for you and your family."" ""You'll pray for me? Why? Is something bad going to happen?"" ""No,"" she said. ""You'll just be in my prayers."" So I got my medication and went home. When I told my brother, he said, ""Let's not go swimming today."" So we didn't, and I immediately felt great. Gavin de Becker wrote ""The Gift of Fear."" He says we should always follow our instincts. They're never wrong. Who knows what would've happened at the pool today? On Monday, we'll go to our sixth pool. Better safe than sorry... ADDENDUM: I asked Robyn if she knew MY COUSIN, whose name I didn't want to use. Sorry for the confusion. Rough day. My cousin died two months ago. So it was strange that Robyn asked if my cousin was still alive."
" has a hearing issue, and I'm a hermit, so let's have a debate with all three of us. Gingrich: ""I...uhhhhhh...I think (hic)...that I'm...very thirshty. What about...uh...you guys?"" Jeff: ""WHAT? WHAT DID HE SAY?"" Me: ""Both of you bastards stop looking at me. Aim your eyes somewhere else when you talk to me."" Jeff: ""Amoral eyes? What the hell does that mean?"" Gingrich: ""Can somebody...help me up?"" Me: ""Don't touch me, you son of bitch."" Jeff: ""Why is this guy vomiting? And you're itchy? What?"" Gingrich: ""Drinks on the house, boys! Look out! Here I go!"" KA-BOOM! Me: ""I think he lost the debate. Can I go home now?"" Jeff: ""You're made of foam? Are you insane?"" Me: ""Yes! That's what I've been trying to tell you! STOP LOOKING AT ME!"" Gingrich: ""Urrrrrrrrrrrp. Glah-glah-glah-glah."" Jeff: ""How can one person vomit so much? That's like ten gallons."" Me: ""Okay, since you won't stop looking at me, put your goddam hand over your eyes when you talk to me."" Jeff: ""Pies? Is that a good idea when this guy just puked up thirty gallons of beer, vodka, and creosote?"" On so on, for an hour..."
" A bunch of people are fighting me over the idea that Saudi Arabia can originate anything. This is an incredibly superficial notion. Here's a new weapon. Those are all over the Middle East. They are surveillance vehicles, guidance systems, and weapons. Let's say Israel designed them. People are telling me that Israel simply builds stuff for the Saudis, and the Saudis use the stuff. This is not correct. The Saudis invented a new form of warfare. It's actually two OLD ideas merged with a completely unprecedented idea. First, mass infiltration behind enemy lines, a strategy created by British General Orde Wingate in World War II. Wingate was eighty years ahead of his times. Technology didn't catch up to him until 2015. After the mass infiltration, the Arab and allied soldiers use ""small unit tactics,"" created by Major Berhard Reddemann, commander of the imperial German flamethrower regiment in World War I. Reddemann was A HUNDRED YEARS ahead of his time. The small units had massive firepower and moved incredibly fast. It's confirmed that Arab troops fight in ""combined arms micro teams."" The THIRD aspect is that Arab armed forces wage war on MILITARY OBJECTS, not people. Even combatants are spared, when possible. The best example of this is the Iraqi retaking of Kirkuk. It took the Iraqis only 15 hours, and they did so without bloodshed. The Kurds--who had pledged to fight--ran out of the city without even knowing why. The Iraqis entered Kirkuk unopposed. Electronic warfare (EW) was used to CONFUSE the Kurds out of Kirkuk. The Iraqis didn't want to hurt them, so the Gulf Cooperation Council used every EW trick in their bag. While it's true that Israel designed weapons for the GCC, the Israelis have a different form of fighting. Just look at the Battle of Shijaiyah, July 20, 2014. Shijaiyah was the most fortified neighborhood in Gaza. The IDF spent four days dropping leaflets and using radio and text messages, telling the civilians to flee. Guess what Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad did? The terrorists set up the biggest ambush in the history of urban warfare. AND they prevented 100,000 human shields from leaving. On the evening of July 19, 2014, the Israelis fired artillery into empty fields to alert the Palestinians that they were coming. At midnight, the IDF armored personnel carriers went in. All hell broke loose. There were terrorists in every window, firing heavy machine guns, recolless rifles, rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and antitank guided missiles. Hundreds of massive IEDs brought down buildings. There were IEDs in lampposts, in curbs, in trees. There were also thousands of landmines. The Israelis lost contact with their men for two hours. Finally, they carried out a desperate, last-ditch tactic: The men retreated into their Namer armored personnel carriers. Then the Artillery Corps fired 600 155mm high-explosive rounds AT THE NAMER VEHICLES. The air force dropped 100 MK-84 2000-pound bombs within 300 feet of the Namers. Finally, the tanks of the 188th Armored Brigade were sent in. The original plan was to not use tanks, so that the world wouldn't think badly of the IDF. The end result was a giant ambush, the use of tanks, AND the world thinking badly of Israel ANYWAY. The GCC and its allies fight in secret. Why? Because they discovered something: If you don't talk about something, then the press thinks it doesn't exist. The US and the GCC prepared Mosul and Raqqa for nine months before the battles. Arab commandos went into both cities and used advanced technology to create digital maps of every structure. The GCC misled the press about WHEN the battles started. AND the assault troops operated in micro teams, not as a unified force. The IDF has the most restrictive rules of engagement on the planet. Troops must ask for permission to do everything. From the video coming out of Syria and Iraq, I can see that the GCC micro teams operate autonomously. There are also detached sniper squads, machine-gun squads, mortar squads, and commando squads. In the videos, Iraqi generals mostly LISTENED. The assault troops carried out missions using their own initiative. Behind the assault troops came the conventional troops. The HELD the ground that the assault troops took. GCC and allied assault troops--strategic special operators--freed AT LEAST 500,000 human shields. They did it by means of infiltration. Men grew beards and didn't wash, and they pretended to be terrorists. The IDF explained how it took Shijaiyah. Nobody knows how the Iraqis took al-Jamhuri Hospital. It turns out that there were 300 terrorists and 400 human shields, eight stories up. But the Iraqis took the hospital and freed the human shields. All the terrorists were killed. The only answer is that men infiltrated the hospital posing as terrorists and killed the enemy one by one. We have video of how this process worked. This man is labeled ""intelligence source."" He infiltrated the terrorist positions. Then a rifle grenadier killed the terrorists using thermobaric 40mm grenades. The shock waves killed the terrorists. Look to the left of the rifle grenadier's shoulder. See the infiltrator sitting there? He's right next to the target. When the terrorists are dead, the infiltrator moves on to the next target. Nobody ambushes GCC strategic special forces. THEY ambush everybody ELSE..."
" Behold the steam-powered flamethrower tank of 1918. Both the engine and the flamethrower were steam powered. The Adams flamethrower was a mechanical nightmare. It produced so much heat that the tank crew was blinded. The heat waves made it impossible to see anything clearly. The tank was demonstrated to the US Army Chemical Corps, which was in charge of flamethrowers. The head of the Chemical Corps took a stick, wrote ""dynamite"" on it, and walked right up to the tank. The crew couldn't see him because of the heat waves. BOOM went the pretend-dynamite, and the Adams steam tank was sent to the junkyard..."
" The collapse of the Las Vegas conspiracy theory. No helicopters, no Saudi princes, no multiple shooters. A quote: ""Investigators also have tracked a bulk ammunition purchase to Arizona."" The quote is from this article. Douglas Haig works for Specialized Military Ammunition LLC, which is located in Mesa, Arizona. SMA is closed until further notice. The American collective brain has been rotted by TV. You expected the authorities to compromise their investigations by telling YOU--people whose brains have been rotted by TV--everything they're doing. Ask yourself this: What purpose does it serve to INSTANTLY claim that the authorities are lying? Because THAT is what happened. The SECOND the shooting began, the conspiracy theories started up. Are you hysterical children, or are you levelheaded adults who understand that YOUR participation in the investigation is a waste of everybody's time? This is an open-and-shut case. The problem is the ""CSI Effect."" Because of TV, people now have wildly unrealistic expectations. Ask what Paddock's motivation was. He can tell you about what he calls ""soul war."" And he's exactly right. Mass shooters act out of rage and a need to feel powerful. The Las Vegas mass murderer was also a pedophile. This is another crime of power. Finally, all mass shooters try to ""break the record"" of those who came before them. They all study mass shootings and fantasize. Mass shooters and conspiracy theorists have a symbiotic relationship. Fantasy is the factor that unites them. I'll post a photo for . He'll appreciate it. In World War One, they used special cameras to take ""yard-long photos."" I have one that's actually six feet long. The photo is the first taken of the 30th Engineer Regiment ""Gas and Flame."" These were the Americans who used flamethrowers and gas in World War One. It was an all-volunteer unit. One of the requirements was that the person be much stronger physically than the average man. In my yard-long photo, I found this man. Terrifying...except he actually WASN'T. The ""Hellfire Boys,"" as they were called, went into battle to STOP THE WAR. This was explicitly stated over and over. In order to STOP wrongdoing, you have to be tough as nails. You become an angel of death. The Vegas shooter's brother is another pedophile. Remember: Their father was a career criminal. Since two of the brothers are pedophiles, that means the father molested them all. The shooter versus a soldier who volunteered to STOP the killing. That soldier was not lost in fantasy. His face shows that he knows what he's gotten into, and he's ready. Stop fantasizing. It's grotesque, and it just makes things worse for everybody..."
" PT-109 collided with a Japanese destroyer in the Solomon Islands at two in the morning, August 2, 1943. The 11 survivors clung to the bow until they decided to swim to Plum Pudding Island (black arrow). Kennedy towed a sailor by putting the strap of the man's life jacket in his teeth. They swam 3.5 miles to the island. Plum Pudding is only 100 yards in diameter, so Kennedy first swam to Olasana (red arrow) and then Naru (white arrow). Then he swam back to Plum Pudding and led the men back to Olasana. All in all, Kennedy swam five miles that day. Kennedy's men stayed on Oslasana, and he swan to Naru. For the next six nights, he swam five miles out into Wilson Strait (blue arrow) and tread water all night, hoping to see a ship that he could hail. The water was full of sharks. Kennedy tread water in the darkness, alone, until the sun came up. He did that six nights in a row. Then Australian Coastwatcher Sub-lieutenant Arthur Reginald Evans sent scouts Biuku Gasa and Eroni Kumana in a dugout canoe, who found the men. Kennedy wrote this on a coconut and had the scouts--who didn't speak English--take it back with them. NAURO ISL COMMANDER... NATIVE KNOWS POS'IT... HE CAN PILOT... 11 ALIVE NEED SMALL BOAT... KENNEDY So they were rescued. Would you swim five miles out into the shark-infested ocean and tread water all night, to save others? Luckily I'll never be asked that question..."
" Here's how dishonest people argue: ""When you accuse ME of something, you're accusing ALL _________."" They try to put you on the defensive by forcing you to spend all your time issuing disclaimers. Well, it's actually quite acceptable to say that was a catastrophically corrupt attorney general. Because he WAS. With Holder, everything was about race. That's just reality. We're allowed to criticize Holder without being accused of saying that the entire Justice Department is corrupt. Same with the FBI. THIS statement gives me the willies: ""I want the American people to know this truth."" It's dialogue from a terrible Aaron Sorkin film. Too many of our leaders speak like they're in movies. I hate it. That's one of the reasons why I became interested in Trump. He doesn't say, ""Know this: BY GOD I will avenge you!"" Obama and Holder are an amazing combination of sleazy and BORING. They can't hold your attention. As they drone on, your mind wanders. Was there a single interesting person in the Obama administration? I can't even remember. Dishonest, sleazy, and boring. How is that possible? How can someone lull you into unconsciousness while angering you at the same time? ALL THE ARGUMENTS AGAINST TRUMP ARE BORING. There isn't a single anti-Trump voice worth listening to. The scandalized Victorian spinster act is BORING. Trump is INTERESTING. Peter Thiel said during the campaign that Trump's supporters take him seriously but not literally, while his detractors take him literally but not seriously. A year later, the anti-Trump folks are STILL SINGING THE SAME TUNE. In 1964, Andy Warhol released ""Empire,"" an eight-hour film of the Empire State Building. You can't watch it unless you're on LSD. This is just ten minutes. You won't be able to make it. The anti-Trump commentary has become ""Empire."" It's so boring that it actually hurts. Holder: ""Nope. Not letting this go."" ""Failure's not an option!"" ""We're through the looking glass, people!"" STOP BORING ME TO DEATH. Get some new arguments. DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT. couldn't do THIS if I offered him a billion dollars.... "
" Except of course for the mass shootings that Australia has had since they enacted strict guns laws. October 21, 2002. Monash University. September 9, 2014. December 15-16, 2014. As I said yesterday, not a single person who decries mass shootings in the US is actually sincere. To YOU, this is politics. So GFY."
" Meet the stupidest man alive: INCREDIBLE. Mohammed bin Salman (MbS) is paving the way for a FREE SAUDI ARABIA. Cities that CHOOSE THEIR OWN RELIGIOUS LAWS are being planned. The Shia are being HELPED, and pressure on them HAS BEEN LIFTED. MbS is the ANTI-Kim Jong-un. Only a university professor could be so stupid. Or maybe is simply corrupt. Maybe somebody paid him lovely, beautiful MONEY to lie. At any rate, it's time for the endless disinformation to stop. The press does it on a macro level AND a micro level. The American press is now CULTURAL ROT. It's doing nothing but DAMAGE. The FACE of cultural rot. ""Hey babe! Is heaven missing an angel? Cuz... Is heaven missing an... missing an... Yeah cuz... Screw it. C'mere!"" (Vomits.) Look what the Brookings Institute calls him behind his back. Ha. "
" In 2011 a guy on Reddit wrote a fantasy piece about US Marines versus the Roman Legion. Although Warner Bros bought the rights, the movie hasn't been made. I don't know if it actually WILL be made. It's been ""in development"" for six years now. I think a GREAT movie idea is a Green Beret A-Team (Operational Detachment Alpha) versus a World War One German flame shock troop. Both are comprised of twelve men. The Green Berets would have twelve M4A1 SOPMOD carbines and twelve 9mm pistols. Let's say that four men had grenade launchers on their carbines. And we'll give each man two M67 hand grenades. Each Green Beret has seven carbine magazines (210 rounds total) and four pistol magazines (68 rounds total). And of course the A-Team has Kevlar helmets and body armor. Now the German flame shock troop. Two M1917 Wex flamethrowers. Each has ten seconds of fuel and a range of 100 feet. But each flamethrower squad has five igniters, for a total of ten minutes. So the ten seconds' worth of oil can be stretched out over ten minutes. Each flamethrower squad has four 9mm P08 pistols and eight hand grenades. The four hand-grenade throwers are each armed with the Mauser Kar98AZ in 7.92 X 57mm. Each soldier carries 50 rounds. And then eight hand-grenade thrower has eight stick grenades and eight egg grenades. The Germans and the Americans are a perfect match in terms of infantry tactics. The Americans have the advantage when it comes to protection and volume of fire. But the Germans can do curved-trajectory shooting with the flamethrower. They can also shoot around corners by bouncing the flame jet off of nearby structures. And the Germans have a MASSIVE advantage in terms of hand-grenade throwing. They've practiced so much that they can throw grenades much further and much more accurately than any modern soldier. Finally, the Mauser carbine is deadly. It can penetrate all body armor. The Americans will win if they attack as fast as they can. Their volume of fire will take down the unarmored Germans. But unless the Americans immediately take out every man in the flame shock troop, the Germans will win. The combination of flamethrower and hand grenade is absolutely devastating. I give the Americans the edge in long distance combat, but the Germans have a huge advantage in close combat. A US Army instruction booklet from 1918 said, ""If German flamethrower troops get within fifty yards, there's no defense against them."" The Germans will pelt the Americans with hand grenades from more than fifty yards away. And then if the flamethrowers get within a hundred feet, it's over. Make a heck of a video, wouldn't it...?"
" I'm going to say something that lots of people will reject. The attacks on are based MOSTLY on the hatred of women who chart their own courses. I don't means the usual ""They hate strong, independent women."" I mean women who CHART THEIR OWN COURSES, as in do things entirely uniquely. If you look at Roseanne holistically, you can see that she doesn't fit in any mold. Simply put, there's nobody like her. Not even remotely. The antagonism isn't about her beliefs. She's not saying anything that deserves the foam-spewing hate that she gets. People have an ATAVISTIC hate. Atavistic = typical of an ancestral form. One of the greatest books ever written is ""The Women's Encyclopedia of Myths and Secrets,"" by Barbara G. Walker. By using it, I was able to figure out SO MUCH. It's not an anti-male book. Quite the contrary. Roseanne is actually fulfilling an ancient role, and this makes people hate her all out of proportion to what she says. That hate is not actually about Roseanne. It's a defect in the person who hates her. We're experiencing a GENUINE sea change in human history. That can't be overstated. So the ones who oppose improvement are lashing out in all directions. In the ancient world, seers were incomprehensible. They said things that seemed unconnected with reality. And they often spoke in allegorical terms. Part of that was their onw attempt to put into words what they were seeing. Now, Roseanne is actually far more humane than I am, because I don't make the attempt. SHE makes the attempt. My attitude is, ""Screw you guys. Dummies."" HOLD ON, HOLD ON. Kidding, for God's sake. But on a certain level, I'm not kidding. If Twitter ever gets more negative than positive, I'm gone. And I won't miss it. Roseanne i a better person than me, because she doesn't write people off as quickly as I do. I give everybody ONE chance. My attitude is, ""If I have to TELL you how to be human, you're not someone I want in my life."" But Roseanne is an artist. A performer. A communicator. A seer. So she won't give up on you. The way I have..."
" asked me a question. Here's the link. So I said, ""Tell everyone the CONTEXT of 'Bloodlines of Illuminati"" being on the CIA's Website."" I got no answer. The REASON I got no answer is that there's a perfectly innocuous reason for this book being on the CIA's Website. It was found at Osama bin Laden's compound in Abottabad, Pakistan, during the US Navy SEAL raid of May 2, 2011. But that doesn't fit in with lowbrow conspiracy theorizing, so the guy didn't answer me. I guarantee you that he'll keep on telling people that there's something sinister about this..."
" I'm not going to name any OTHER actresses, but this is a 65-year-old woman. She's timeless, she's eternally hip, and she embraces CHANGE and IMPROVEMENT. My brother has a saying: ""God did a little dance around her."" People should really reflect on what Roseanne is accomplishing AGAIN. Yes, she has a great cast and a great team of writers. So I'm not dismissing them. But the catalyst is Roseanne. SHE inspires them the way she inspired me so many years ago. The reason Roseanne and I began talking was that I was defending Israel. When I also began defending Saudi Arabia, GUESS WHAT? Roseanne listened, and many of her perfectly legitimate suspicions disappeared. Like , Roseanne doesn't belong to any era. She's outside all of that. Our president is 71 but projects like a man in his mid-thirties. Roseanne is ageless. You literally can't put her in a chronological category. The more we become ourselves, the freer we get. You do indeed ""slip the surly bonds of Earth,"" to quote John Gillespie Magee Jr in his poem ""High Flight."" And as Magee said, you put out your hand and touch the face of God. This isn't presumptuous of me. It's what we're all supposed to do. The purpose of us being here is to improve until we become who we are supposed to be. You can get there by embracing improvement. THAT is most of the battle won. Negativity and hate will ruin YOU. I separate loathing from hate. says we need to try love, but he's a better man than me. He's far stronger. I DO think Mr. West is right. But I also recognize my limitations. So I have to be content with embracing improvement and not hating. Also, my loathing is not all-consuming. AND I can un-loathe. So that's my own gig. Improvement and temporary loathing..."
" I gave him five minutes to come to the point. Then I stopped watching. Who the hell is he? President of MAGA Coaliton, Inc. Oh. Someone asked me about this tweet. Since Gingrich has blocked me even though I had no idea who he is, I signed out of Twitter to read the tweet. This is a lie. Special (or independent) counsels ARE NOT prohibited from investigating or prosecuting civil or administrative abuses. What Gingrich needs to do is cite the law that prohibits Mueller from investigating or prosecuting civil or administrative abuses. How hard is that? I don't know a thing about the guy, expect that he's lying. When you tell big fat lies, you run the risk of someone EXPOSING your big fat lie. Duh..."
" How stupid is and everyone like him? THIS stupid. ""IDF fighter jets and tanks attacked Hamas targets in a training camp in Jabalia, in the northern Gaza Strip, following earlier attempts to plant an explosive device on the fence and gunfire at soldiers."" ""The IDF also killed the three terrorists who tried to plant the explosive in the Rafah area."" Hamas is hiding in the crowd of 35,000 morons and firing at the IDF and plating explosives. That's why the 35,000 morons are burning tires. The smoke gives cover to the men with guns and explosives. And two days ago, Israel bombed another ATTACK TUNNEL. The Palestinians destroyed Israel's ability to send supplies to the Palestinians. Am I supposed to feel sorry for the Palestinians? AND the attack tunnel was RIGHT BESIDE the pedestrian crossing. What about all these military aged males being shot? Well, there's an answer to THAT too. Leave it to the CHINESE to tell us what's really happening. Kites with Molotov cocktails. The Japanese did that in World War II, but with balloons. Look at all these helpless, unarmed Palestinians using the tire smoke for cover. More. And more. This guy is a Salafist jihadist. The raised index finger means, ""I am willing to kill and die for monotheism."" So let's recap: Israel is being assaulted by 35,000 people with rifles, explosives, slings, slingshots, and Molotov cocktails. They've dug attacks tunnels and planted IEDs. Earlier today, said that no person of conscience could support Israel's actions. The reality is that if you oppose Israel's actions, it means you hate Jews. Period. Israel is the only country in the world EXPECTED to never defend herself against terrorism. Now what COULD IT BE that separates Israel from every other country on earth? Correct. Judaism. You don't have to SUPPORT Israel. But if you OPPOSE ISRAEL'S ACTIONS, it means you hate the Jewish people. No question about it... ADDENDUM: See what I mean...? "
" OF COURSE! I forgot about this. Let me give you the perfect answer to the emerging anti-gun narrative below. Two Saudi beat cops ARMED ONLY WITH PISTOLS were sent to investigate suspicious activity in an apartment. The cops were attacked by two terrorists with REAL assault rifles--AK-47s capable of sustained fire. Both terrorists also wore suicide vest. Here is the result. Training and courage. The terrorists AMBUSHED the cops, who realized that their only hope was to stand and fire ACCURATELY. The police captain engaged the second terrorist from about seven feet away. So: This video does two things. One, it proves the lie of the narrative that pistol versus semiautomatic rifle is suicide. And two, it proves that the four Broward County deputies who refused to enter the school are a disgrace to all police everywhere. Training and courage will always prevail..."
" On the one hand... ""'Today, we can say it is the end of 'sedition 1396,'"" Jafari said, using the year in the Iranian calendar. 'With the help of God, their defeat is definite,' he said."" On the other hand, this was posted 37 minutes ago. The Basij are on the right, on motorcycles. And CNN confirms what I noticed: ""The majority of anti-government protesters within the past week appeared to be young men."" The IRGC lies as it breathes. BUT. The IRGC says this is sedition. In other words, an uprising. So let's watch and see what happens. ""All war is deception. When strong, appear weak."" --Sun Tzu, The Art of War"
" Black people became the National Victim Class. People don't remember how American blacks initially viewed Obama. They said HE ISN'T BLACK. So Obama began talking endlessly about all the racism he'd faced, growing up in Hawaii, raised by a banker. For mentally unbalanced white people, being black is both EXPIATION and a chance to BE THE NATIONAL VICTIM. People said in plain English that they elected Obama as an act of racial charity, to make up for our history. My ancestors Eli, Levi, and Abram Lower. They took up arms against slavery TWICE. They fought in the period called Bleeding Kansas, and they fought in the Civil War. All three were 100 percent disabled. My father's ancestors didn't arrive in the US until 1871. THEY were slaves themselves, in Europe. Serfs. I don't owe black people a DAMN THING. So I didn't view Obama as a chance to ""right a wrong."" He's a corrupt machine politician from Chicago, the worst president we ever had. In a savage irony, Obama slaughtered the black middle and wealthy classes. He wanted blacks back in chains. EVERY black activist wants blacks back in chains. Fine. That's THEIR business, not mine. If blacks go for it, too bad. We all have the same brains. If people choose slavery, they should just shut up and be slaves. I don't care. These faux blacks are making it FAR more difficult for black people than it should be. Guess what? In the entire history of the US, not a single neighborhood destroyed in a race riot was ever rebuilt. NOT ONE. Black people should run like hell from black activists. But if they don't, it's NOT MY PROBLEM."
" Here's a tweet worth consideration. This is one of the reasons that we annihilated the Russian assault battalion in Syria on February 7, 2018. That's a missile. The black line is the exhaust. So ONE reason for the destruction of the Russian assault battalion was to convince the Russians to not interfere as the Iranian assets in Syria are reduced. The OTHER reason was to show the Iranians at home that we aren't afraid of Russia and will help topple the mullahs IF ASKED. The United States is the FACE, but the people doing the heavy lifting are Middle Easterners. They're using astonishingly destructive weapons. The Gulf Cooperation Council has converted jet transports to gunships. These air frames are incredibly strong, so they can carry weapons such as fully automatic howitzers. A magazine-fed 105mm howitzer could level an entire base. And there's nothing the mullahs can do. They can't even admit that this is happening..."
" In 2009, the Iranian people had the attempted Green Revolution. This man put it down with extreme violence. The paramilitary Basij attacked protestors with clubs, while snipers shot at them. The man in photo was Brigadier General Hossein Hamedani. He was killed in Syria in 2015. So far I haven't seen significant violence on the part of the mullahs' security forces. Most of the military leaders who put down the Green Revolution? They're dead. This time, things just might be different..."
" The Clown Apocalypse. I published my memoirs. It contains the lessons I've learned. One lesson is ""Watch for patterns."" By watching for patterns, I can make sense of everything. I've figured out what's happening right now. It begins in World War I (1914-1918). In 1917, the Germans created autonomous flamethrower platoons named after their commanders. This is Platoon Lieutenant Jünger. These platoons operated independently. Their commander--Major Bernhard Reddemann--gave them full autonomy. These men were transported to a battlefield, where they infiltrated behind enemy lines and wreaked havoc. Sound familiar? Each platoon had six flamethrowers. They also had light machine guns, automatic pistols, carbines, grenade launchers, and tons of hand grenades. They attacked at night and escaped before the enemy could respond. One of the German flamethrower operators serving on the Italian front called it the ""Clown Apocalypse."" The Italians and Austrians were such poor soldiers that they lost huge numbers of men for no reason. That term--the ""Clown Apocalypse""--always stayed with me. Recently I wrote about Stephen King's book The Stand. It's about the Apocalypse. I also wrote about the rodeo clown and racism. She says the term ""empty barrel""--used by John Kelly--is racist. This ridiculous claim is based on a poem by a crazy white man from a hundred years ago. He was the first white rapper, and his name was Vachel Lindsay (1879-1931). His poem ""The Congo"" begins with this. Here's the full poem. Lindsay was indeed the first white rapper. He was actually the first RAPPER, period. He pioneered that method of delivering spoken lines. ""The Congo"" has a repeated phrase: ""Boomlay boomlay boomlay boom."" Stephen King's apocalypse story references Tower of Power's ""Down to the Nightclub."" There's an insane character in The Stand named Trashcan Man. As he heads to Las Vegas to join the Walkin' Dude, he sings to himself. Trashcan Man calls Las Vegas ""Cibola,"" one of the Seven Cities of Gold that Francisco Vásquez de Coronado tried to find. As he walks along the highway, Trashcan Man sings, ""Cibola, Cibola, bumpty bumpty bump."" Bumpty bumpty bump. Boomlay boomlay boomlay boom. This is indeed the Apocalypse, but it's the Clown Apocalypse. The autonomous flamethrower platoons are out in the night, striking. So relax. Everything was foretold. By Bernhard Reddemann, Stephen King, Donald Trump, and the rodeo clown. ""To the tune of 'Boomlay, boomlay, BOOM,' While the witch-men laughed, with a sinister air. Bumpty bumpty bump..."
" Thread on ""Q."" What bothers me about Q is that you're being told that WE are doing everything. That's not true. OTHERS are doing the heavy lifting. Meaning OTHERS are sending in their young men and women to lay down their lives for a better world. We're HELPING, but OTHERS are taking almost incomprehensible risks. Someone told me that ""the globalists"" controlled North Korea until ""we cut the strings."" That's not what happened at all. The one country we know is NOT controlled by globalists is North Korea. The Korean Peoples' Army (KPA) controlled North Korea. It clear that SOME from of military action was taken. I wish people could understand that believing in nonsense CHEAPENS the very real courage that we're seeing on display. I spent today working on a theory: I'm now certain that the Saudis sacrificed a number of their Abrams M1A2S tanks in order to make the world think all sorts of stupid things. The Saudis asked for 20 replacement tanks lost in battle. BUT. The Saudis aren't fighting with tanks in Yemen. There are only two types of tanks in Yemen. One, UAE Leclerc tanks. And two, Russian T-55, T-62, and T-72 tanks. This is a Yemeni combined arms micro team with one tank. is our greatest president. However, NON-AMERICANS are the ones fighting on the ground all over the world. We're supporting them. But THEY are the ones infiltrating and carrying out missions that would make Jason Bourne's jaw drop. Just one example: Al-Jamuri Hospital in Mosul. It was actually 100 snipers with 400 human shields. You know how they Iraqis and their allies took the hospital? Commandos disguised as terrorists went into the hospital and went floor to floor, killing terrorists one at a time and hiding the corpses. Imagine THAT being your mission. This is why men ended up looking like this. ""Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds."" -- the Bagavad Gita I know FOR A FACT that soldiers are taking incredible risks. The cost to them is immense. That's why I concentrate on THEM. THEY must be honored. Seeing people on Twitter take credit for these soldiers' actions makes me upset. That's why I don't take part in discussions about AMERICANS doing all the work. It's not true. That claim is abhorrent to me..."
" Trump and the GCC set the trap, and the savages fell in. This is magnificent. I'm now positive that Hezbollah will be destroyed militarily. The GCC and its allies have shown that they can smash through Hezbollah-style defenses in a matter of hours. AND we have more proof that Qassem Suleimani is dead. So ODD that Sulemani hasn't gone on Iranian TV and told us what a dastardly poo-poo head Trump is. ""He sent us messages of defiance!"" ""How about releasing the tapes?"" ""No! Because you too are a poo-poo-head!"" It's amazing to me that these people simply refuse to face reality. Israel and the US are not a threat to them. The GCC will EXTERMINATE them, with no hard feelings. I read something a while back that I can understand: An American former tank commander was talking on a military forum. The tanker said that the older he got, the worse he felt about all the Iraqis he'd killed in Desert Storm. ""Their tanks were garbage,"" he wrote. ""I feel like a murderer."" If the GCC goes to war with Hezbollah, not a single commando will be conflicted, and he or she will never have regrets. The Middle East is a giant family. WE are outsiders. Because we're outsiders, we were unable to prevent Desert Storm and Operation Iraqi Freedom. The cultures are too different. Let me give you an analogy: Lemurs! Every specie of lemur has its own unique behavior. On Madagascar, the lemur species may as well all be from different planets. In this documentary, they showed a lost lemur approaching a different species of lemur. The lost guy was trying to communicate the way he would with his own tribe. The other lemurs had no reaction at all. He was just too alien. TONS of the problems the Middle East and the West have had are based on a failure to communicate. It's nobody's fault; it's just reality. So we can actually CAUSE wars by doing and saying things in the western style. We need to pick allies and let THEM handle the dirty work. The GCC and Hezbollah and Iran and Hamas all understand each other perfectly. So it won't be a question of second guessing. Nobody in the GCC will think, ""Did we HAVE to do that?"" If Hezbollah gets exterminated, it'll be because Hezbollah CHOSE to get exterminated. WE are on the sidelines in this particular shindig. And that's as it should be. The GCC is embracing reform. If they see a need to go to war, you can bet that they'll do so as a last resort. The ""axis of resistance"" doesn't have a chance. It's a new world, with new rules. That which has no will to survive, won't..."
" asks a question about why the mullahs are not reacting with crushing force. It's very possible that the mullahs hope this will just go away. But. Iran sent the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) to Syria, where they suffered VERY heavy casualties. The IRGC is not trained for combat, especially unconventional warfare. Also, their stated duty is to protect the Islamic revolution form INSIDE Iran. So there were IRGC mutinies and even executions. The Iranians had to create the Syrian Defense Forces (Syrian Basij) and the Shi'ite Foreign Legion. This Iranian IRGC commander was featured in a documentary that the filmmaker never released because he and the commander were killed. Like many members of the IRGC, he held Arabs in contempt. The dead IRGC commander spent a lot of time bitching about how Assad's Arab troops were worthless and couldn't be trained. So my theory is that officers of Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) commando units infiltrated every fighting force in Syria. They befriended IRGC officers and at some point revealed their true identities. And they said this: ""If you ever want our help, give us a call."" The GCC commandos would've done three things: One, gained the trust of the Iranians. Two, convinced the Iranians that the GCC is not their enemy. And three, shown the Iranians evidence of the massively advanced weapons that ARABS now have. Unspoken would be, ""Someday, this can all be yours. All of us together will stand on our own two feet, forever free from internal and external oppression."" The protestors are chanting to the security forces, ""Don't be afraid. We're all together."" At this point in history, there's a chasm between westerners and Middle Easterners. Only fellow Middle Easterners could reach the IRGC. People are still thinking in terms of personal power. The MULLAHS are all about personal power. But the average Iranian IRGC member isn't. Here's the final factor: If you could be a part of a huge operation to clandestinely get rid of your despicable government so you could start over, wouldn't you do it? Sure the dead IRGC commander looked down on Arabs. But what if the survivors were shown what the Arab armed forces can do? And what if they were invited to participate? The corruption of the mullahs is VENAL. It's rinky-dink. It's depressing and humdrum and everyday. But being part of a REVOLUTION? A real one? Very few people could resist that opportunity. IS THIS regime change? I don't know. But it sure as heck LOOKS like regime change, doesn't it...?"
" A question from . This would take some research, which I'm not up to right now. But! A story. ""Leiningen Versus the Ants,"" by Carl Stephenson (1893-1954). A plantation owner versus army ants. Leiningen is a middle-aged man who refuses to give up. He enemies are the ants--robotic, vicious, inhuman. My father's most inspired quote: ""Can you reason with a wasp?"" Of course not. Leiningen tries everything to save his plantation. The ants won't be stopped. They want what they want, and they'll get it by any means necessary. ""Direct action,"" as Chelsea Manning calls for. When all seems lost, Leiningen realizes that there's one last chance, but someone will have to run through two miles of ants. So Leiningen tells his men what will happen: ""I'm not going to let you try it; if I did I'd be worse than one of those ants."" ""No, I called the tune, and now I'm going to pay the piper."" Middle-aged Leiningen will run through two miles of ants. How many people know that those who call the tune must pay the piper? President Trump knows. He pays the piper daily, without complaint. That's why Trump is winning and will be completely successful. Army ants--no matter how many there are--can't think. Last night I was told by THIS person that leftism will win. The movie Caged Fury is such garbage that it's not entertaining on any level. This poor leftist thought it was her road to stardom. Delusional army ants. That's what Trump and his supporters face. ""Leiningen Versus the Ants"" has one of my favorite lines ever: ""They had been delivered into the annihilation that was their god."" Watch it happen. And celebrate. ADDENDUM: I said earlier that I'm apparently SUPPOSED to do this. Well... ""Leiningen Versus the Ants"" popped into my head from nowhere. I wrote this: Check. It. Out. Someone needs to start selling these. Without explanation... "
" Wow. THIS is amazing even by the standards of British leftists. George Monbiot is an idiot. He says the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) concluded that Assad dropped chemical bombs on the Syrian town of Khan Shaykhun. Then he bitches about Infowars saying it was a ""false flag."" Monbiot spends THE ENTIRE ARTICLE referencing people who do this. Partisan Girl, Dan Kaszeta, Theodore Postol, Ryan Dawson, John Pilger, Noam Chomsky, and Seymour Hersh. ""In Vox earlier this month, the writer David Roberts suggested that America is facing 'an epistemic crisis' caused by the conservative rejection of all forms of expertise and knowledge."" George Monbiot lives in a closed-off ecosystem of people who think they matter. What did Monbiot NEGLECT to mention? The United States, Israel, Jordan, and Saudi Arabia tracked aircraft taking off from Shayrat Air Base and dropping the chemical bombs. The attack on Khan Shaykhun took place on April 4, 2017. On April 7, 2017, the US fired 59 Tomahawk cruise missile at Shayrat Air Base. We destroyed 20 percent of Assad's air force. The views of Partisan Girl and Seymour Hersh don't matter. Monbiot is now arguing that the social-media blathering class is more important than governments. This is pure madness. The theories put forth by the social-media blathering class have no evidence to back them up. I'LL give you some evidence, ducky: The battle-damage assessment at Shayrat Air Base shows that GBU-39 Small Diameter Bombs were used. A BGM-109 Tomahawk Land Attack Missile (TLAM) can't punch holes like that. It was the GBU-39. No doubt whatsoever. Damaged shelters with destroyed aircraft. The signature of the GBU-39. Burning shelter with the flames coming out the new hole. Wrecked jets. A TLAM would've scattered them for miles. The GBU-39 is a ""low yield"" or ""low collateral"" munition. It creates pinpoint damage. George Monbiot fills his diapers over the social-media jabbering class and their stupid theories. And the whole time he's missing the TWO REAL STORIES. Russian container for chemical agents. Surprise! Here they are at Shayrat Air Base, right where the US government said they were. Those are empty, but they were supposed to have been destroyed. STRANGELY, Assad lied! The second story Monbiot and the social-media jabbering class missed was NOT ONLY the Gbu-39s but WHO DROPPED THEM? They're dropped by aircraft. The base was protected with the Russian state-of-the-art (giggle) S-400 surface-to-air missile (SAM). The bombers that dropped the GBU-39 neutralized the S-400. What they did was ""loop"" ten or twenty seconds of ""clear skies"" on the radar screens and inject it back into the system. My guess is the bombers were converted from Boeing C-17 Globemaster transports. Flown by air crew from the Gulf Cooperation Council. This was a concept from many years ago. Internal rotary bomb racks. One C-17 with rotary bomb racks could lay waste to an entire city. So while George Monbiot babbles about Partisan Girl, I educate you on REALITY. It's all part of my goal to help you be LESS upset, not more..."
" Hello? Many of you are mistaking me for someone else. I first started tweeting about controversial things in 2014. I'm exactly the same person I was back then. I don't think I'm smarter than everyone else. I just think a lot of people are stupider than me. HA! I DON'T CARE if you don't like how I express myself. Go read somebody else's tweets. I never tell you to NOT READ someone else. I never tell you TO AGREE WITH ME. I never TAKE OFFENSE AT QUESTIONS. But here's the deal: I will express myself as I see fit. I don't care if it disappoints you. Why not? BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW YOU. My sole purpose in tweeting is to help THE RATIONAL AMONG US to feel less anxiety. That's it. I despise conspiracy theorists because NONE OF THEM are acting in good faith. Jesus Campos turned down money offered by Ellen Degeneres. Did the conspiracy theorists tell you that? Look at this: What's Campos's mother's maiden name? ""Jesus Angel Campos"" is not a complete name. If his mother's maiden name is Quintero, then his full name is Jesus Angel Campos Quintero. At some point, a non-Hispanic got the name wrong. That's all. He obviously has a work card, because his union refers to him as a member. For some reason, you expect me to be NICE to people spewing deranged bullshit that makes everything worse. Well, you're out of luck. Take me or leave on MY terms. Okay? "
" Look what I found in my image library! Iraqi Kurdistan, February of 2015. Those two were the only men wearing ear protection. The man on the left is wearing the coveralls of the Egyptian Special Forces. The man on RIGHT is wearing--head to toe--regulation Israel Defense Forces uniform items. And his keffiyeh is blue and white. At the time I was VERY surprised. Now? Not surprised in the least..."
" ""Morality police"" in Iran. I saw an interview with an Iraqi Shia cleric. He was asked if he wanted alcohol and and nightclubs banned in Iraq. ""No,"" he said. ""If you have no opportunity to sin, then you aren't actually a virtuous person. Forcing people to be 'moral' is completely dishonest."" I agree. There are LOTS of things that I dislike, but I don't want them banned. The only way people can grow is by making mistakes and realizing for themselves that this or that isn't right for them. Saudi Arabia disbanded the Mutaween, the Islamic Religious Police. The country didn't implode with sin and vice. Morality Police are actually IMMORAL. It's about slavery, not morality. Many European countries are making the same mistake that Persia and Turkey made: FORCED secularism. If you FORCE something on people, they will eventually throw it off. The smart thing to do is make it a personal choice. Iran WILL be free. If all goes as I think it will go, PERSONAL freedom--choice and individuality--will become the law of the land in Iran..."
" Are you SERIOUSLY telling me that Eric Holder is arguing that the Justice Department not be politicized? He was easily the most political AG in American history. Obama was the last president who made the DOJ into his private goon squad. NOW, those former members of the DOJ are attempting to cripple the CURRENT DOJ by filing thousands of lawsuits. Sessions has a team of 600 whose only job is to deal with frivolous lawsuits. Here's what you and Holder and Brennan and Obama don't get: The harder you fight, the worse it's going to be for you. Trump has the goods on EVERYONE. You are PROVING to Trump the wisdom of II Samuel 22: 26-27. With the merciful thou wilt shew thyself merciful, and with the upright man thou wilt shew thyself upright. With the pure thou wilt shew thyself pure; and with the froward thou wilt shew thyself unsavoury. You know how it ends? I have pursued mine enemies, and destroyed them; and turned not again until I had consumed them. And I have consumed them, and wounded them, that they could not arise: yea, they are fallen under my feet. For thou hast girded me with strength to battle: them that rose up against me hast thou subdued under me. Thou hast also given me the necks of mine enemies, that I might destroy them that hate me. They looked, but there was none to save; even unto the Lord, but he answered them not. Then did I beat them as small as the dust of the earth, I did stamp them as the mire of the street, and did spread them abroad. THAT is what trump is going to do. I know that now. He's going to make ALL of his enemies wish that their mothers had never met their fathers. And it's because you guys WON'T STOP. I gave Obama EIGHT YEARS of my life. As an investor, I was SCREWED INTO THE GROUND. But the electorate spoke twice, so I lived with it. You people REFUSE to live with it. Therefore Trump will DESTROY your party. Count on it. It's the only way to stop you. So remember: You bought it on yourselves... "
" Whiteness. I'm a German-Mexican. A beanerschnitzel. My ethnicity is not something I had any control over, so I feel neither pride not shame. The reality is that the US is 77 percent white. Guess who intermarries most in the US? Black people. I see it EVERYWHERE in California. Massive numbers of very attractive beige people. See the graph above? ""Blacks"" includes people who IDENTIFY as black. Unlike Colin Kaepernick, my brother Paul looks black. We obviously have black in the genetic mix. Kaepernick is clearly using a chemical tanning agent now. This guy says he's black. What's happening is that the US is getting WHITER. There's no doubt whatsoever. White people who call themselves black intermarry with other white people, and they produce white children. Both sides of the dispute--white nationalists and black activists--are giant wastes of time. They live in a media bubble. The rest of the country doesn't actually care..."
" You just mentioned Games of Thrones. That lets me talk about Sibel Kekilli. She's in one of the best films ever made: ""Head-On"" (Gegen die Wand). It's about Turkish-Germans. She's in mental hospital, where she meets another Turkish-German. Both have just survived suicide attempts: hers by slashing her wrists, and his by car. She asks him to marry her so that she can get away from her traditional Turkish family. He's a disaster, a drunken loser. So they agree to this marriage of convenience...and then they start having feelings for each other. It's an absolutely grueling, brutal film about how Muslim women are often treated. The film was smash hit, so the German press decided to punish Kekilli for saying mean things about Islam. As an act of rebellion, Kekilli had done several pornographic films. Bild-Zeitung revealed that, and then the honor killers came. Think of how perverse this is: A Muslim actress makes a movie that accuses many Muslim men of mistreating women. Non-Muslims are offended. So, to punish this woman for saying these untrue things, the non-Muslims reveal her sordid past so that Muslims will murder her. But in 2015, the leftist German Friedrich Naumann Foundation for Freedom praised Kekilli for a speech she gave about honor killings. The culture is demented. But Head-On is a magnificent film. Not for the fainthearted. If you're tough, I recommend it highly."
" The least-honest op-ed ever written. After ten years, Josh Campbell is leaving the FBI. Why? ""So I can join the growing chorus of people who believe that the relentless attacks on the bureau undermine not just America’s premier law enforcement agency but also the nation’s security."" Not a chance. A ten-year veteran of the FBI would NEVER resign so that he could join the ""resistance."" This is a guy who's getting out for other reasons. Do you remember the years 2003 to 2011? Do you remember a human-pig hybrid named John Murtha? Do you remember a serial sexual abuser and committer of negligent homicide named Ted Kennedy? According to those two, the Intelligence Community ""lied us into war,"" and then our troops slaughtered people for fun. Where was the media outrage THEN, Mr. Campbell? Trump has made it clear that he's not talking about the FBI as a whole. Campbell is using the Sexism Defense. ""If you criticize ME, you're criticizing all wymyn."" What are we to make of William Sessions? He became FBI Director in 1987, under Regan. AND he illegally used FBI resources for personal trips and home improvements. Then he refused to resign for SIX MONTHS. He forced Bill Clinton to fire him personally in a phone call. Does Sessions say anything about the FBI? No. His conduct reflected his OWN character. Federal law enforcement needs to be made of sterner stuff than Josh Campbell. Politicians politicize EVERYTHING. Look up the Peace Democrats from the Civil War. The Copperheads. They said Lincoln lied us into war to enrich his buddies in the armaments industry. Democrats raided prisoner-of-war camps and freed Confederates, using an underground railroad to get them back to their army. General George B. McClellan was a Democrat who DELIBERATELY LOST BATTLES in order to discredit Lincoln. He had to be fired. Lincoln had to put Democratic members of Congress under house arrest for the duration of the war. Politicians are--generally speaking--turds. So save your blubbering outrage, Josh Campbell. You resigned over something else, NOT criticism of the FBI. AND you're using your resignation as a political attack. You didn't fool ME..."
" Old Resist Girl is a perfect example of the madness of leftists. What Old Resist Girl is doing is simply spewing venom. It's TOTALLY counterproductive. But. Old Resist Girl can't help herself. Her hate is so pathological that she couldn't formulate an argument if her life depended on it. As I've said, I don't agree with Roy Moore's social positions. So what? There's only one reason I've been defending Roy Moore against these LIES: His records proves that he's innocent. The need to defend an innocent man far, FAR outweighs political differences. Old Resist Girl @sararlynne65 would easily accept the mass killing of those who disagree with her politically. Old Resist Girl and I do long belong to same species. I'm with Roy Moore, despite our differences. Yesterday I watched my first Roy Moore campaign appearance. I like him. I despise Old Resit Girl. She's about debasement. When you're a sewer rat, all you can do is live in sewage. If someone brings you out of the sewer, you bring the sewer WITH YOU. A polite, calm conversatioin with Old Resist Girl would not be possible. She's insane. My guess is I could spend all day with Roy Moore and have a wonderful time, from beginning to end. is a kamikaze movement. By the time November of 2018 rolls around, nobody's going to be talking about Senator Roy Moore. But we'll be voting on almost two years' worth of kamikaze sewer-rat antics. Guess how THAT will turn out...?"
" I'll tell YOU. My father was discovered dead at 3:00 a.m. on February 23, 2013. The hospice called my brother, who called me. I went to my mother's house next door, and we talked for about an hour or so. My brother joined us. Mom said she was fine, so I went home. I couldn't sleep, so I went on the computer. At 4:45 a.m., my house was filled with the scent of Old Spice, and I felt a presence standing right behind my right shoulder. My father was a VERY difficult man, and he'd put us through absolute hell with his final illness and death. It was SPECTACULAR. So after all that hysteria--the hospice chaplain said he'd told her that he was sure that demons were going to drag him into hell--my father not only SURVIVED death, HE WAS ONLY 32 YEARS OLD AGAIN. Old Spice was his WORK aftershave. So he was 32 again, with his briefcase, off on an adventure, while here I was this 50-year-old carcass. See, I'd gotten into great shape, but his illness made it impossible to exercise and eat right. So I blared, ""DAD? I'm really glad that you found out that dying didn't kill you, and I'm really glad that you're headed for the office again, but now I need some time off. Could you do that for me please?"" And the scent of Old Spice faded, and so did the presence behind me. But he was here for three years. He talked, slammed doors, and avoided the next stage. I figured out what happens after you die: There's a readjustment period, and then you have an interview in which you are asked to take responsibility for your life. You don't have to complete the interview, but if you don't, the only place to go is back here. My father was a very stubborn man, so it took him a while before he moved on. My mother's death was even worse, because she starved herself and then panicked. The starving was a desperate attempt to control. Like my father, she died in terror and left my brother and me completely shattered. So one day my brother was going through her filing cabinet and THIS fell onto his hand. My mother made clothespin dolls--but never a child. Never. The doll fell out of thin air and STUCK to the back of my brother's hand. A few months later, we were in my parents' house, and I asked him if I could move the dragonfly so it wouldn't get damaged. He told me that it wasn't there 15 seconds earlier, before I came over. As we were talking, the house was suffused with the scent of roses. The scent of roses is associated with Saint Saint Thérèse of Lisieux, the patron saint of...parental loss. I love her face. She looks tough as heck. After I left my brother's house, I saw this orange-and-black THING hopping all over the driveway. It vanished when I got close. It was this: A tarantula hawk. A tarantula hawk is a wasp. An encounter with a wasp--according to folklore--is a sign that you must ask yourself certain questions. Are all my affairs in order? Am I aligning myself with my goals? Am I procrastinating about something? Am I keeping myself from reaching my highest potential? Am I allowing my progress to be held back by others? I assume that since the damn wasp was gigantic--and I've never one before, ever--that the questions have some urgency. So I addressed them. Here's what atheists never ask themselves: ""Could it be that I'm simply too dense, hostile, afraid, angry, and limited to perceive things that others can?"" In the year 2013, I danced with death every day. I myself died and was reborn as a different person. I can see now, but it came at a great price. Atheists are simply to gutless to walk in my footsteps. You have to be STRONG to die. I died and came back. And now I can see. It's funny that hostile atheists think that theism isn't scientific. It's the only science that we can actually be sure is real..."
" Let me provide some circumstantial evidence for this. My theory is that while General Flynn was National Security Advisor, he created a team of Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) spooks who would hunt down and neutralize--legally--the people leaking classified intelligence. George W. Bush was destroyed by intelligence leaks. Trump has had NONE. General Flynn's staff would be given security clearances. After Flynn was fired, the DIA spooks KEPT their security clearances. Obama, Clapper, and Ash Carter did a smear job on National Security Director Admiral Mike Rogers. They claimed that Rogers ran to Trump Tower to beg Trump for his job. This was OUTRAGEOUSLY unprofessional! There's actually no evidence that it happened. I put the odds at 0 percent. Rogers isn't a buffoon. The ACCUSATION is from a crappy movie. Who do we know who was like a crappy movie president? Now, every leak we've heard about is based on an NSA report, NOT on raw signals intelligence (SIGINT). Raw SIGINT is text messages, e-mails, and phone calls. The only person who can hand over raw SIGINT is Mike Rogers, head of the NSA. If the leak hunters have security clearances and are legitimately hunting leakers, Rogers can hand over raw SIGINT on his own initiative. General Flynn chose staffers who have nonexistent public profiles. None of them have ever been photographed. There's ONE confirmed photo of one man, but that's all. After Flynn was fired, there's was all the insanity about the Muslim H. R. McMaster getting rid of all of Flynn's picks. Although several names are out there, I'll go with just one, because he's actually covered his tracks perfectly: Ezra Cohen-Watnick. The one photo alleged to be him was actually never confirmed, so I won't post it. The Atlantic wrote this article about Ezra Cohen-Watnick (ECW). ""Ask around about Ezra Cohen-Watnick, and people get defensive. Some profess not to know him, or ask why anyone would want to write about him. Others simply refuse to discuss him."" ""'I won’t talk to any journalist about Ezra,' said Michael Ledeen, a Flynn confidant who knows Cohen-Watnick well."" ""'Is it one of your hit pieces?' asked Bannon, who didn’t respond to a further request for comment."" That's all you need to know. ECW has an almost nonexistent footprint. And nobody will talk about him. When all these DUMMIES were screeching about how McMaster was RUINING EVERYTHING, I was laughing. Everyone who McMaster ""fired"" was a spook with a security clearance. So I knew SOMETHING good was happening. I only put the pieces together yesterday. ""Flynn's network inside the IC would be extensive, loyal & powerful. He would have the respect of the best spooks in the USA."" Yes, but what's better than respect? Fear. Too many people--even members of the Intelligence Community--are mediocre and gluttonous. They pride themselves on their childish cynicism. AND those people love talking to the press. Don't ask me why. Flynn's leak killers are the real thing. We don't even know what they look like! They're throwbacks. The head of the CIA's Iran desk is Michael D'Andrea, known as the Undertaker, the Dark Prince, and Ayatollah Mike. Only two photos of him have ever been identified. Remember how all the ""former spooks"" told us that the ""Seventh Floor"" would not let Trump be inaugurated? Oh, he'd pissed off Langley, and they put you in the GROUND when you do that! I once asked a former Navy SEAL if he'd appear in a documentary I was making, his identity disguised. He refused. AND he said something important: ""The ones you WANT in your film will refuse to appear, and the ones who AGREE to appear are the ones you don't want."" I didn't WANT to ask the guy to be in my film. It was the loser director's demand. I KNOW about clandestine warriors. We never learn about the good ones. So all the boozy Twitter ""former spooks"" are talking out of their butts. Anyone who writes a book is talking out of his or her butt. Ezra Cohen-Watnick is a REAL spook who's keeping Trump safe. How do we know ECW is real? Because we don't even know what he looks like, and nobody will talk about him. So I think my theory of the Flynn Leak Killers has been confirmed. But I don't NEED it confirmed. And if I ever met Flynn, I wouldn't ask him about it. I would never put someone on the spot like that..."
" has a question. The reason Saudi Arabia became so strict was because of an armed uprising in 1979. Security forces and the military simply lacked the training to defeat those who wanted this very strict interpretation of Islam. So the House of Saud adopted it. BUT. It's clear now that at least three kings were involved in the reforms we see happening. Mohammed bin Salman (MbS) is very interesting because he was educated in Saudi Arabia. He's a Saudi, through and through. MbS began attending parliament meetings when he was TWELVE. Although he has no military training, he's a military genius who became his father's adviser when he was in his late teens. The House of Saud DID adopt the very strict interpretation of Islam, but they also began sending hundreds of thousands of Saudis overseas for their education. These changes were in the works for decades. I found Trump's connections to the House of Saud. They go back at LEAST 38 years. It's clear to me that Trump and the Saudis planned all of this together, over decades. These changes are happening at record speed, and with minimal disruption. Trump and MbS make their own rules. For Mike Pompeo to secretly meet with Kim Jong-un means that the Norks have surrendered. The USS Jimmy Carter is used to insert special-operations troops. Twice in 2017, the Carter flew the Jolly Roger, meaning ""successful combat mission accomplished."" The Carter patrols the Pacific. SOMETHING happened. From January of 2016 to October of 2017, SOMEONE infiltrated Gaza and blew up 28 attack tunnels. My guess is that THOSE are the guys who the Carter dropped off in North Korea. I thought this was the high-velocity penetrating weapon (HVPW). Here's another one. Whether they're the HVPW or Rods From God, someone on the ground is guiding them. That's the surest way to get accuracy. So I think Trump and the Saudis worked together for decades to arrive where we are now. Both Trump and MbS are nationalists, and both of them HATE oppression. But Trump and MbS also lack the need to grind a defeated enemy's face into the dirt. Saudis are descended from people who have been enslaved over and over. So I think Trump and MbS are those rare billionaires who use their power for IMPROVEMENT. There's nothing like HELPING. The Saudis had strict religion forced on them. Therefore it was only a matter of time before they threw it off. On the other hand, Turkey and Iran had secularism forced on them, so it was only a matter of time before they reverted. MbS said recently that all humans are free to to choose their own way of life. Islam is now known by all people, so it's now up to them to choose to be Muslims or non-Muslims. He said that Muslims themselves have no right to force the religion on others. The Saudis are sidestepping every single pitfall in this Reformation. MbS may just be the smartest person who ever lived. He understands the human condition perfectly. Therefore he has solutions for everything. Both Trump and MbS are builders. They use force only when necessary. And the blunt truth is that some people HAVE TO BE KILLED. But thankfully, the number of people who have to be killed is very small. Everything we're seeing now is carefully planned, and it will all be successful. All it took were fearless leaders who hate futility and oppression..."
" Here's how the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) wins wars. Every single important Syrian, Iranian, Hezbollah, and Russian commander was killed. The Russian commander of ALL MILITARY ADVISERS. Qassem Suleimani, commander of the Iranian Quds Force. Mustafa Badreddine, Hezbollah's Commander of Operations. Suheil ""the Tiger"" al-Hassan (center), commander of the Syrian army Tiger Forces. Syria is trying to hide the fact that al-Hassan is dead, but there's no doubt. First, he was reported wounded. Second, at least five men impersonated al-Hassan. Badly. This one is my favorite. He looks exactly like an action figure, complete with plastic face. This is the current al-Hassan (left), who bears no resemblance to the real man. I don't understand the purpose, but these images of ""al-Hassan"" were posted by pro-Assad social-media users. At any rate, al-Hassan was killed, and Syria is lying about it. Today the Saudi-led Coalition killed the Deputy Commander of Houthi forces in Yemen. The press doesn't report it, but the Coalition has been steadily thinning the rank of Houthi commanders. Western military ""experts"" have always said that killing commanders doesn't work, because someone takes his place. Well, it depends on how the enemy commander was killed. What if he was standing in a crowd, and suddenly he exploded? Here's a video of exactly that happening to an al-Qaeda terrorist in Yemen. No fragmentation. It's a tiny fuel-air explosive. The explosive vapor was ejected in a cloud that surrounded the guy, and then it exploded INWARD. He was IMPLODED. THAT'S how the GCC kills commanders. It's also psychological warfare. Would you want to be a commander if you could be imploded at any time, anywhere? Those little fuel-air explosives are autonomous. Humans don't have fast enough reactions to hit someone right when he steps between two groups. The US said it took nine months each to prepare Mosul and Raqqa for liberation. There was no stalemate in Yemen or Syria. It was preparation..."
" As far as I know, Trump is the first. He needed a team that's completely separate from the entire Intelligence community. Michael Flynn created that team. People don't know this, but Flynn is close friends with General Stanley McChrystal, US Army (ret). Like Flynn, McChrystal was fired for speaking the truth. Flynn's Leak Killers are DIA spooks and civilians who are close friends with Trump's advisers and confidants. I'm sure that McChrystal also recommended a few. The biggest problem in the US government? ""Going native."" You become infected with the corporate culture of your department or agency. The Leak Killers are in no danger of going native, because they came from the outside. And FINALLY, the president delegated the responsibility for leak hunting to NSA Director Admiral Mike Rogers. For the first time in his career, Rogers doesn't have to worry about politics. Do you think he'll rise to the occasion? HE ALREADY HAS! No leaks. None whatsoever..."
" How demented is THIS? ""I'd gladly engage in a self-serving publicity stunt if it would just make me famous."" Someone explain to me how chopping up your own rifle will prevent a DIFFERENT PERSON from using a DIFFERENT RIFLE to commit murder? Again, this is for morons. Let me tell you a story. My father died in 2013. He pioneered the selfie. Here he is at the age of 20. Dad had a homemade Obrez. And what is an Obrez, you ask? An Obrez is a sawed-off bolt-action rifle. Russians invented it during the Revolution. You could hide it under your coat. Dad took a .30-06 Winchester Model 70 rifle and made it into an Obrez. The rifle holds five cartridges. Dad made his own large-capacity magazine that held 30 rounds. My father served in the Coast Guard, where he saw a lot of scary stuff, and then he went to Venezuela in 1955, when the country was like Somalia. So Dad figured that he needed an Obrez. It fired a massively powerful round. The .30-06 is devastating. This was strictly a home-defense weapon, My father practiced until he could fire it almost as fast as a semiautomatic rifle. Dad's Obrez was maybe 100 times as dangerous as an AR-15. If a kid a kid took Dad's Obrez into a school, each bullet could kill three people. Here's what the AR-15 monomaniacs won't tell you: In Somalia, our troops were issued ""green tip"" ammunition. It went right through people, making tiny little holes almost like pinpricks. Our troops emptied entire magazines at Somalis, and they wouldn't fall down. In Iraq, the 5.56mm bullet of the AR-15 (the military version is called the M16) lacked the power to penetrate walls. Guess what we had to do? We had to take M14 rifles out of storage and reissue them. It fires the 7.62mm round. The M16 replaced the M14 during the Vietnam War. We're seeing total insanity on display. This obsession with the AR-15 rifle is pathological. If I bought a long rifle, I'd get an M1A, not an AR-15. The M1A may as well not exist. The only semiautomatic rifle anyone cares about is the AR-15. This is like the movie Aguirre, The Wrath of God. Banning the AR-15 is El Dorado, the City of Gold. The AR-15 monomaniacs are on Aguirre's raft. It's truly the craziest thing I've ever witnessed..."
" I got a lot very thoughtful comments on this video. The comments prompted me to watch the whole thing. I have to say that I disagree with the conclusion that this is commentary on the self-destruction of American black street culture. For one, the director--Hiroshi Murai--makes videos about hard black people have it in the US. There's no evidence that he's warning of anything. His videos are all about being victims. Several people told me that there are no white people in Childish Gambino's video, but that's not true. Look at the right side. This is a garbled reference to lynching, as seen by a young dummy. The NAACP now associates hoods with lynching. The mugging isn't a subtle reference to minstrel shows. This guy just does it to because he lacks the skills to do anything else. Children in school uniforms dance and help Childish Gambino commit murder. ""We don't need no education."" Going to school is a crime. White cops attack black people, just because they committed murder. Racism! More white people in the background. So there's no doubt that the video isn't commentary on black street culture. ""Here's my dick!"" Never seen THAT before. And look at the SCHOOLGIRL behind him as he presents us with his penis. Wouldja look at THAT! It's the white horse of the Ku Klux Klan. Who knew that 3000 toothless guys were still lynching black millionaires. A guy has to get high just to live in this UTTER HELL! You go, bro! OH NO! All the white people are chasing him! Yeah. They're yelling, ""Wait! Come back! We want to give you shitloads of money for producing such sublime art!"" I knew it was too good to be true that this guy was making a subtle comment on the self-destruction of American black street culture. There's only ONE high-profile black artist doing that. And they're putting him through absolute hell because of it... ADDENDUM: Stop telling me what to write about. If you keep doing that, I'll stop tweeting altogether. This is a hobby. When it stops being rewarding, I stop doing it. Thank you..."
" After I determined to my own satisfaction that Roy Moore is innocent--that the charges against him are false--I didn't follow every detail. So I missed this imagery. That person is former Gadsden police officer Faye Gary. She claims that she was told to make sure that the judge didn't ""hang around at ball games"" to harass cheerleaders. I'm sorry: I'm not going to believe a word from that person's mouth. She reminds me of Phil Spector. When a person has a deranged physical presentation, it's going to make me doubt their sanity and their claims. We're all free to present ourselves however we want. And we're all free to judge others by their appearance. We all know why Faye Gary is given a pass. I want you to imagine a woman of Maltese heritage who insists on wearing these to work. What about German-Americans who demand to wear Lederhosen to work? How seriously would you take this guy in a life-or-death case? This woman is a clown. She's crazy. Anybody can see it... "
" Exorcism. I've been asked if I have experience with it. Let me try to answer the question THIS way. The man in the photo is the late Malachi Martin, a priest who wrote ""Hostage to the Devil."" Although Martin himself was a con artist, his book is very useful in understanding demonic possession. I am a THEIST, meaning I believe in God. But I'm not religious. My experiences make it impossible for me to join any group at all. I simply can't trust anyone. Demons are real, as is demonic possession, BUT. You can't be possessed against your will. A person must AGREE to be possessed. I've read every book on demonology and the science of evil. My own experiences have taught me that free will is a natural law that is respected by all forces. If you think about it, involuntary possession wouldn't mean anything to a demon. The goal is to corrupt you to the point that you make the choice yourself. THAT is a great victory. The problem with trying to navigate this topic is that there are so many con artists, abusers, liars, and psychopaths. So I'll say up front that my own experiences aren't a hidden Vatican secret or anything like that. It's just that I've seen great evil firsthand. And the people committing the evil acts were not normal. They did things like speak so fast that it sounded like gibberish, but they were actual words. I've never seen physical transformations or green vomit. The reason I say that this is demonic possession and not mental illness is that it's all specifically oriented toward corrupting others. People have trouble believing in what they call paranormal experiences. For me, there's no such thing as the paranormal. It's ALL normal. In 1986, I was walking the streets of Tokyo with a friend. There was a Japanese palm reader sitting at a table. He looked just like Tony Levin, one of my favorite bassists. My friend said, ""Get your palm read!"" I didn't believe any of that, but since the guy looked like Tony Levin, I agreed. So I sat down. The guy took my hand and did a double take. Then he said in Japanese, ""Please take off your glasses and let me look in your eyes."" I did, thinking, ""Here comes the horse manure."" The guy looked into my eyes very intently, and he started nodding and smiling, slowly, until he was beaming. Then he started crying. He wiped away tears, but he was still smiling. He said, ""People in my profession wait all our lives to meet someone like you. Thank you so much."" I said, ""What are you talking about?"" He said, ""You'll know. Thank you."" And he didn't charge me. Two years later, I was hired by a really good conversational-English school. They guy who got me the job took me to a party of teachers. At some point, this stunningly beautiful black woman looked over and me and did a double take. Then she came over. She had sky blue eyes. After we were introduced, she shook her head and smiled broadly. ""I am SO glad to have met you,"" she said. ""Can I please shake your hand?"" We shook hands, and she said, ""You are going to be SO happy."" Then she left. A guy said, ""Well, you've made a hit with a witch."" She was a Wiccan. I never saw her again. None of this made any sense until after my parents died. Then I started seeing everything much more clearly. Things just come to me, and then I know them. I knew Trump would be president. I even got the electoral votes right. But I can't control what I know and what I don't know. AND. I know things that I don't WANT to know. All of this is natural, NOT supernatural. All evil is volitional. That's why evil people are garbage. They CHOOSE to be evil. It's not true that all people are capable of being evil. And here's another thing: Everybody KNOWS when they're being evil. An exorcism is about helping the possessed eject the demon. The demon is required to leave when the person demands it. What you're seeing is the exorcist convincing the PERSON to ask the demon to leave. Here's the Catholic rite of exorcism. It's easy to misinterpret, but the prayers are to help the PERSON make the decision to no longer be possessed. The demon ""befuddles and stupefies the human mind, throws it into terror, overwhelms it with fear and panic."" One of the commands that the exorcist makes: ""Depart, seducer, full of lies and cunning, foe of virtue, persecutor of the innocent."" You must AGREE to be seduced. This is why independent thought is so important. If you're unafraid and confident, nobody can seduce you. But. The only way I'm able to stay free is by solitude. I've always been a target. You may have seen a pretty major attack on me today on Twitter. THAT level of hate is not actually human. Solitude was my salvation. I used to be attacked like that in person. They sought me out. Who needs THAT...?"
" It's a new world. In Hollywood, people are beginning to speak out, exposing powerful figures who were once untouchable. Corrupt American politicians who were untouchable are being nailed to the wall. In Syria, unarmed civilians stood up to al-Qaeda and won. In Paraguay, Hezbollah's chief financier was ambushed and killed. What do all of these developments have in common? Clandestine forces are HELPING without taking credit. Veterans Affairs is mowing down corrupt employees by the hundreds. India is now buying oil from us. For the first time ever. North Korea finally met its match. After three years, it took Iraq only 15 hours to retake Kirkuk...bloodlessly. We're living in an incredible era. This is what's happening: Corruption and abuse now have consequences. Destabilizing regimes are being effectively confronted. New partnerships and alliances are being formed. Organized terrorism is being defeated. And war is being waged without killing anyone. The world WAS the ""Abilene Paradox."" What's that? A family is sitting around, and Dad says, ""Let's go to Abilene!"" So they drive to Abilene, and they have a terrible time. It's hot, dusty, boring, and the cafeteria food is terrible. When they get back home, Dad says, ""Well, that was a great trip, huh?"" Mom says, ""No! It was awful. I just went along with it because you and the kids seemed so excited about going."" The kids say, ""We didn't want to go! This was YOUR idea. We agreed because you're our parents."" Finally, Dad says, ""Well, I didn't want to go! I just suggested it, and you all jumped at it. I went along because YOU were into it."" The Abilene Paradox is when a group does something that all the individuals oppose. We're seeing that the world was one big Abilene Paradox. Now that the right leaders are in place, we're all speaking up. And that's why all will be well. I promise..."
" Leftists blame everyone except the criminal, and establishment Republicans blame only Trump. ""The only power with the ability to reshape the battlefield has announced it wants out."" Like Max Boot, Jennifer Rubin doesn't acknowledge the existence of Arab armed forces. Read Rubin's piece carefully. She herself is reporting the reality, yet she doesn't see it. ""Bolton himself, despite hawkishness on Iran, has not voiced much interest in exercising U.S. power in Syria."" WHAT DOES THAT TELL YOU, JENNIFER? Let me tell you a story that illustrates what's happening in the new Middle East. On our ill-fated mission in Iraq--which Jennifer Rubin LOVED--we fought with Moqtada al-Sadr's Mahdi Army. The most respected figure in Shia Islam is Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani. He generally stays out of politics except in emergencies. The US military finally decided that we had to kill Moqtada al-Sadr. Before we launched a mission, Sistani's representatives came to us and asked us to not do that. ""You'll just make him a martyr,"" they said. ""Please leave him to us."" For once we listened to the locals. Sistani's people said that the Americans were like a striking cobra. Sistani would use the ""anaconda strategy."" They would slowly and gently surround and squeeze over a long period of time. The result? Al-Sadr in Saudi Arabia with Mohammed bin Salman. Al-Sadr tells his followers that the Saudis are not their enemies. Al-Sadr in the UAE, with Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al-Nahyan, crown prince of Abu Dhabi and deputy supreme commander of the armed forces. The Gulf Arabs haven't made a big deal of this. Jennifer Rubin and Max Boot want Trump to be another failed American president who ""puts Arabs in their place."" The Arabs are IN THEIR PLACE. The Middle East is THEIRS. They're using the anaconda strategy, which WORKS. Besides, Rubin isn't even sincere. She's just using Assad's behavior as weapon against Trump. The reality is that everything that Rubin wants to do? It's already been done, and it doesn't work. WE OVERTHREW SADDAM HUSSEIN AND GADDAFI. Did that scare Assad? If you do your absolute worst, and the other side says, ""So what?"" then what does that tell you? Your strategy is A FAILURE. Trump is doing the right thing. He's doing what he's being ASKED to do. By the smartest people on Earth. Trust Trump, trust Mohammed bin Salman, and trust the anaconda strategy. Your trust will be rewarded..."
" Most people get it, but a lot don't. So let's discuss two people. Moqtada al-Sadr isn't kidding around. After winning in a massive electoral upset, he's removing Iranian influence from Iraq. Did he change? No. He was FREED. People don't undergo such dramatic changes. It's clear that the Iranians had a hold over al-Sadr, almost certainly in the form of keeping his family hostage. Remember this? Since today's journalists and pundits are all idiots, it's up to ME to tell you what this presentation really meant. Israel got 1000 pounds--half a ton--of paper and CDs from the most secret building in Iran. That means members of the Iranian SECURITY FORCES turned the documents over. THIS opinion is moronic. It DOESN'T MATTER what the documents show. What matters is that the Iranian SECURITY FORCES delivered them to Israel. That's ""Game Over"" for the mullahs. As we speak, GROUND FORCES are smashing the hell out of Iranian and Hezbollah bases in Syria. These ground forces are firing ballistic missiles. Not a single photo or video has been published. We've never seen such rapid, comprehensive change in the Middle East. All you ""experts"" are worthless. If you STUDY WEAPONRY, it'll tell you the truth about EVERYTHING. Twice in 2017, the USS Jimmy Carter returned to port flying the Jolly roger, indicating successful combat missions. The Carter patrols the Pacific. It inserts and recovers special-operations forces. Commandos. Guess who's friends with Trump and Kim Jong-un? People don't understand that the Kim family in North Korea is at the mercy of the ruling elite, who are members of the Korean Peoples' Army and their cronies. This piece is about Kim Jong-nam, but the writer didn't understand what he himself was writing. ""Despite the incredible power he wielded in North Korea, childhood friends described him as depressed, missing the freedoms he had become accustomed to in the West."" Kim Jong-un was ALSO educated in the west. ""Who would succeed Jong-il remained hazy even after he suffered a stroke in 2008."" ""But those questions began to resolve themselves in 2010, when Jong-un, the youngest son, was named to high military and political posts, passing over a middle son long regarded by his father as effeminate."" Guess who made that decision? The ruling elite. Kim Jong-un has 500 guards. To guard him from whom? There's literally no danger of assassination. ""Jong-nam critiqued his younger brother's ascension in an e-mail to a Japanese journalist, calling him a 'joke to the outside world' and echoing the doubts that many in the international community harbored about the new 27-year-old despot."" ""He predicted, 'The Kim Jong-un regime will not last long.'"" Well, he was right. My guess is that Kim Jong-nam knew what was happening, so the ruling elite murdered him. The rest of the article is about what a monster Kim Jong-un is. Well, why would a monster turn on a dime and change so dramatically? Kim Jong-un has NO POWER himself. He has no private army. He lives--or LIVED--at the pleasure of the ruling elite. But he had an ace in the hole. A direct line to . Do you know what the Gulf Cooperation Council does? They recruit men and women who don't LOOK like commandos. Old men, young men who look like children, women of all ages. Who would be the last guy in North Korea you would expect to help Trump? Who would be the last guy you would expect to WANT TO HELP HIS COUNTRY and want to improve? The PERFECT double agent. Absolutely undetectable. I base all my theories on FACTS. Both President Trump and Secretary of Defense Mattis speak of our ALLIES and our NEWLY ENHANCED capabilities. It's too soon for us to have rebuilt our armed forces. Obama WRECKED them. The Saudis have trained hundreds of thousands of strategic commandos. Many are Asians, including ethnic Chinese. They could pass for North Koreans, and these men and women are fearless. Look at this! It's all real..."
" Correct. In Mosul, the Iraqis used ""combined arms micro teams."" One tank, one bulldozer, one gunship, one infantry squad, one antitank squad, and one sniper squad. The videos also show detached machine-gun squads, mortar squads, and commando squads. Each soldier appears as a dot on digital maps. So the micro teams and detached units can see each other. Generals can now give an order, and then watch as the micro teams and detached units carry it out on their own. In 2004, the US assaulted Fallujah in force. They broke through in one place. In Mosul, the Iraqis...WANDERED in. There's a biological analogy: antibodies. Antibodies go after antigens--molecules that create an immune response. The future of warfare is here, and it's based on your immune system fighting off infections..."
" In my experience, NOBODY can time the market. Several investment gurus were right ONCE. That's it. From January of 2009 to January of 2017, the market was incredibly volatile because of UNCERTAINTY. Trump is like nobody else in the world. The night he won the election, the Dow Jones futures went down 1200 points. Then they went back up. We never had the anticipated crash. You know why? Trump's allies got on the phone and talked to every major banker and commercial investor. The reason the market is so strong now is CERTAINTY. North Korea should've tanked the market. It didn't. I think Trump planned his presidency for forty years. He studied EVERYTHING. He made tens of thousands of allies. So we now have a level of certainty that we've never had before. I never watch the market. Closed-end funds can get you 10 percent with minimal risk. You find ""families"" that have a good record, and you take your chance. My father sold at the bottom of the 2008 crash and locked in his losses. I held on to everything. My holdings lost half their value. By 2016--eight years after the crash--my holdings had tripled from the initial investments. I think it's entirely possible that our economy will triple or quintuple in size under Trump. I always buy, no matter what. The stock market is like the side of a mountain. Up close, it looks like this. But when you pull back far enough, it's this. So I'm very optimistic..."
" How stupid are the people claiming that there was a second gunman on the fourth floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino? These people are stupid in multiple ways. First, there are no broken windows on the fourth floor of the hotel. The hotel uses extra-thick glass, and the windows can't opened. The mass murderer broke the windows with a miniature sledgehammer or something similar. Since the windows can't be opened, and since there are NO MORE BROKEN WINDOWS, there was only one gunman. Also, a person on the fourth floor would not have been able TO SEE THE LAS VEGAS VILLAGE festival grounds. Trees and structures block the view. In every video of the shooting, you hear bullets striking cement. They were fired from a great height. The knee-jerk American lust for conspiracy theories is getting REALLY OLD. This rifle has a ""slide-fire stock"" and a 100-round magazine. This is EXACTLY what the mass murderer had. There's a video taken from the sidewalk in Las Vegas that shows 100 rounds being fired. The rate of fire changes in the Las Vegas video, as it does in the video above. There's ZERO EVIDENCE of a second shooter. People making that claim are liars. ALL AUDIO EVIDENCE indicates one shooter firing 100-round magazines. Since there were no other windows broken, we have conclusive proof that the re was only one mass murderer. And I want you to think about this: Why are these ""false flags"" so easily detected by imbeciles on social media? If you're carrying out a Deep State CIA Soros Obama Eep Op Ork Ah Ah False Flag, why do you make so many mistakes? People have asked me to watch videos made by morons who can barely speak. ""Uh, hi, uh, this is, uh, Jim, uh, with ed-vidence, uh..."" Why are Deep State conspiracies INSTANTLY DETECTED by people who wash cars for a living? I've never served in any armed force or security apparatus, but I could carry out an AIRTIGHT ""false flag."" In fact, I've done so on social media and the Internet. Many, many times. I've tricked MANY people into exposing themselves. I don't lie, but when necessary, I fool people into believing things, and then...stuff happens. There was no second shooter in Las Vegas. The people making the claim are deeply immoral liars. They make me sick..."
" Thread on Hillary. PERSONALLY, I don't think a single politician in the US wants a war with Russia. It's not even clear if we could handle one any more. We have the WEAPONS, but right now we may not have the troops. I honestly don't know. My two nephews are in the army, and they tell me hair-raising stories about total collapse of standards. As much as I despise Hillary, I don't think she wants war with Russia."
" So, ITV finally explains what I've known since 2012. The man is speaking English. ""And here, you see a sword. I have gone and taken it..."" I can't catch anything else. The ""jihadist rebel"" videos from Syria show TWO completely unrelated aspects that are edited together. We see the usual rabble, firing blindly, not taking cover. To go along with the rabble, we see GoPro footage. And we see ""drone footage."" Well, in the ""drone footage,"" people are always running way the hell too fast. They're running at 30 to 40 miles per hour. It's computer-generated imagery (CGI). The rabble, GoPro, and CGI are the elements of the deception. Here are the REAL fighters. First, a ""combined arms micro team."" Two motorcyclist scouts, an infantry fighting vehicle, and a tank. A heavily armed fire team is in the infantry fighting vehicle. The tank crew have rifles. They're trained to dismount and fight as infantry. Finally, we see that the infantry fighting vehicle has a white cross painted on top of the turret. This is an aerial recognition signal, meaning there's a gunship involved. This guy is VERY fit. He's not your average jihadi. Note the ribbon on his shoulder. We go back to the GoPro. Hey, look! Another blue-ribbon guy, saying, ""Come on! Shoot! What's wrong with you?"" AND. This is supposed to be al-Qaeda. Hayʼat Taḥrīr al-Shām (HTS). SURPRISE! That's the Milkor MGL 40mm grenade launcher. No way in hell would al-Qaeda have this weapon. It requires TRAINING. So what's happening in Syria is that large crowds of men PRETEND to fight, and SMALL UNITS of very lethal men do the ACTUAL fighting. And the jihadists were wiped out a long time ago. This deception is necessary. The Syrian government will take over after Assad leaves. That government needs credibility in the form of victories. The GCC is navigating TOTALLY uncharted waters, in an effort to prevent the habitual double dealing and backstabbing. The REAL enemies are al-Qaeda, the Islamic State, Iran, and Hezbollah. So either the GCC has DEFEATED al-Qaeda already, or men PRETENDING to be al-Qaeda are making everyone chase rabbits. At any rate, things are not as they seem..."
" THIS is what's so funny. Remember Gen X? THEY were the cool young kids. Now they're middle aged, the way EVERYBODY BECOMES. Lots of millennials are just as arrogant as Gen X was. Guess what? Someday THEY be middle aged. Millennials will be supplanted like Gen X was. Nothing is STUPIDER than putting all your self-worth into something as fleeting as youth. You are OLD for far longer than you are YOUNG. I felt like an old man when I was a pre-schooler. That's why old age doesn't bother me. All these arrogant millennials are in for a VERY nasty shock. Both my parents were utterly unprepared for old age and death. They were miserable, and then they were terrified. And there was NOTHING WE COULD DO. I have no dear whatsoever. Not even of flying. I was afraid of flying just a few weeks ago. It's gone. There's a line from the cruddy remake of True Grit that I like: ""The author of all things watches over me."" When you believe in something bigger than yourself, then infirmity, old age, and death don't scare you. I look forward to every day, because every day brings more good news..."
" Okay. Things are starting to come into focus. Kim Yang-gon was Kim Jong-un's closest aide. By North Korean standards, Kim Yang-gon was a ""dove."" He negotiated multiple agreements with South Korea, including an August 2015 deal to stop provocations around the Demilitarized Zone. The North Koreans reported on December 30, 2015, that Kim Yang-gon was killed in a car accident. Kim Jong-un wept at his funeral. Remember: Kim Yang-gon was Kim Jong-un's closest aide. Kim Yang-gon was replaced by Kim Yong-chol. Kim Yong-chol was responsible for the sinking of the ROKS Cheonan on March 26, 2010, killing 46 South Korean sailors. A North Korean midget submarine sank the ROKS Cheonan. It was an unprovoked attack of the kind that Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-il carried out many times. In seven years, Kim Jong-un has not attacked South Korea. Now, Choe Ryong-hae. He was Kim-Jong-un's military second-in-command. This guy is as corrupt as they come. He been demoted, arrested, and imprisoned multiple times. After the death of Kim Yang-gon, Choe Ryong-hae reappeared. His family and friends keep saving him. Next, Jang Song-thaek, Kim's uncle (third from right). He was another of Kim Jong-un's closest advisers. In December of 2013, he was accused of being a ""counterrevolutionary,"" and he was executed. The world said Kim Jong-un ordered it done, so that he could consolidate power. ""The purged uncle, Jang Song Thaek, was considered instrumental in Kim's rise to power in December 2011 and, until recently, was regarded as the second-most powerful figure in North Korea."" But this is what we're told was done. ""The account describes how Jang Song Thaek and five of his aides were stripped naked and fed to 120 hungry hounds, who had been starved for three days. The whole process lasted is reported to have lasted an hour, and as they were eaten, hundreds of officials watched."" And this. ""Hwang was reportedly killed for making policy proposals that were seen as a direct threat to Kim’s leadership. The report did not give details of the proposals. Ri was said to have been executed for falling asleep during a meeting chaired by Kim."" So. I'm now going on the record as saying none of this is true. The only thing I believe is that Kim Jong-un's closest advisers were killed and replaced with corrupt sacks of crap from his father's reign. The nuclear tests and missile tests DID happen, but the driving force was China and the North Korean ruling elite. It's not possible that someone who fed his uncle to 120 dogs would suddenly agree to make peace with South Korea and the US. North Korea has about 13,000 of THESE aimed at Seoul. Here they are lined up. The artillerymen have standing orders: ""Anything weird happens, start firing."" There's only one way those guns were defeated: Electromagnetic pulses (EMPs) and microwaves destroyed their ability to fire. Would the North Koreans ANNOUNCE this? Of course not. But beginning in 2012, Kim Jong-un began TRAINING North Koreans how to function in a free market. Therefore he already knew what was going to happen. Bulgaria and Benin are allies of North Korea. Saudi Arabia has steadily improved its relationships with Bulgaria and Benin, to the point that the three countries are now allies. Benin is a member of the Islamic Military Counter Terrorism Coalition (IMCTC). So my guess is that in 2012, Kim Jong-un got word through his allies that help was on the way. And that's why he began preparing North Korea for liberation. Every day I wake up to amazing news. It is TRULY a great time to be alive..."
" lies in order to further a political agenda. ""The shootings, the torture, the general chaos, all helped drive thousands of Iraqis from the minority Sunni community into the arms of radical groups led by brutal gangsters, such as Abu Musab al-Zarqawi."" ""Zarqawi’s Al Qaeda in Iraq, formed in 2004 to fight U.S. troops and their local allies, was a precursor organization to … ISIS."" That's a lie. Al-Zarqawi created The Organization of Monotheism and Jihad (Jamāʻat al-Tawḥīd wa-al-Jihād) or JTWJ in 1999. It's mission was to topple the Jordanian government. Zarqawi spent years going through Iran, Iraqi Kurdistan, Syria, and the Sunni Triangle of Iraq, gaining followers. After the US invasion of Iraq, JWTJ began carrying out suicide attacks, assassinations, and mass murders, targeting both Shia and Sunni. His goal was to create sectarian strife that would rally Sunni against Shia. to make sure that the Iraqi Sunnis supported him, Zarqawi carried out mass-murder campaigns against THEM. ""Support me or die."" In October of 2004, Zarqawi announced that he was pledging fealty to Osama bin Laden. JWTJ was renamed ""Organization of Jihad's Base in Mesopotamia"" (Tanzim Qaidat al-Jihad fi Bilad al-Rafidayn or TQJBR). For multiple political reasons, western governments referred to it as ""Al-Qaeda in Iraq"" or AQI. You often heard that AQI was SEPARATE from al-Qaeda. Those who wanted to score political points against George W. Bush claimed that AQI had no connection to Osama bin Laden, which is a lie. These word games were played after the Benghazi attack of September 11, 2012. The Benghazi attackers were the Muhammed Jamal network and Ansar al-Shariah. Both are al-Qaeda affiliates that lack the term ""al-Qaeda"" in their name. Therefore liars tell you that al-Qaeda was not involved in the Benghazi attack. The reality of the Islamic State is that it was created in 1999 by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, and its goal was to overthrown the Jordanian government. Liars always tell you that Muslims lack volition and are totally REACTIVE people. If it weren't for US actions, everything would be fine. No. Muslims are just like everybody else. Some Muslims want to rule the world. The people stopping them? Muslims. The world completely changed in October of 2015. That was when the Gulf Cooperation Council went to war on a major scale in Yemen, Syria, Iraq, Libya, and South America. Five wars. These wars are different for two reasons: They're being fought clandestinely, and they come with no geopolitical strings attached. The GCC is NOT doing this because they're saints. Like Trump, the GCC understands that if you offer help with no geopolitical strings attached, GUESS WHAT? You automatically gain allies. Iran offers help too. The price is slavery. If offered a choice between slavery and freedom, which will most people go for? So help with no geopolitical strings attached is STRATEGIC BRILLIANCE. The world is changing dramatically, but the changes are being kept under wraps for now. In the US, we just learned a lot. Sessions is working out of the spotlight. Like the GCC. That's very smart. Tons of people lie about SESSIONS too. You know how to defeat liars? Don't make up your mind yet. Stop with the hysteria of, ""IS THIS TRUE?!"" It's NEVER true. You're being totally controlled by liars. If you simply withhold judgment, you defeat EVERYONE with an agenda. See how easy it is? Don't be hysterical. Relax. All will be well..."
" Here's why I hate conspiracy theorists. They're all babbling away about outlandishly implausible notions--He did it for the Islamic State!--while missing REAL news. I appear to be the only person who noticed one of the most unbelievably skilled counter-terrorism operations ever carried out. Conspiracy theorists have childish views of what people can do. Believe me: They can do MUCH MORE than you think. South America is crawling with jihadist terrorists. The convene in the Triple Frontier: Brazil, Paraguay, and Argentina. The King of the Frontiers was Jorge ""Saddam"" Rafaat Toumani, a Syrian-Brazilian. Rafaat Toumani was a financier of Hezbollah. He was a drug and weapons smuggler protected by Brazil, Paraguay, and Argentina. This narco-terrorist did business in the open. His aircraft were protected by the air forces of the three countries mentioned above. Periodically Rafaat Toumani allowed the governments of Brazil, Paraguay, and Argentina to confiscate mansions, cars, boats, etc. He was untouchable. Until he wasn't. On the night of June 16, 2016, someone killed Rafaat Toumani in the most incredible ambush ever carried out. This is the video. Rafaat Toumani was traveling in a convoy of eight vehicles. He had 47 bodyguards, and he was driving his own SUV. The official story is that Rafaat Toumani was killed by rival narco-terrorists who used a .50-caliber machine gun. What ACTUALLY happened was that the REAL killers set up local criminals to take the fall. Rafaat Toumani got careless. He was a big drinker and partier. On the night he was killed, the scapegoats pulled ahead of him. He was driving the black SUV. The rear window of the scapegoats' car blows out, as though the machine gun is being fired. But what ACTUALLY happened is that someone BEHIND the convoy opened fire. Look at the white pillar. Rafaat Toumani AND the scapegoats were killed. The machine gun in the scapegoats' car was a prop. The gun was on an M63 antiaircraft mount, but it had no tray for an ammunition box. The ammunition belt was allegedly fed from a box on the floor. You'd need two men to do that. What happened was a team of gunman waited until the scapegoats and Rafaat Toumani were in the right place, and then they opened fire. Rafaat Toumani was hit with nine .50-caliber bullets. Look at the grouping on the windshield. Every bullet struck a man. The seven other cars were hit ONLY IN THE WINDOWS AND WINDSHIELDS. The gunmen used high-explosive incendiary armor-piercing (HEIAP) rounds. Only three of the 47 bodyguards survived. Someone mopped up. ""Double taps."" A total of 28 rounds were fired. Professional commandos killed Rafaat Toumani and his bodyguards. The operation took exactly 30 seconds. Hezbollah lost its most important South American financier. The commandos infiltrated Paraguay, recruited scapegoats, located Rafaat Toumani, killed him, and got away clean. Maybe fifteen men defeated three corrupt governments. And you didn't know about this, did you? While you were wasting your time on conspiracy theories, stunning reality was taking place. Reality is FAR more amazing the wildest conspiracy theory..."
" I think it's dishonest, because you're NOT talking about whites. This is a Mexican-American. Afghan. Palestinian. Syrian. And Tajik-Chinese. You want EUROPOIDAL whites to be a majority. Why? Cultural values? What do blue-collar Czech-Americans have in common with German-American Silicon Valley billionaires? Your argument falls apart under five seconds of scrutiny...UNLESS. Your point is to keep non-Caucasians out of the country. THEN you make sense. It's good, old-fashioned racism. I never understood racism. CULTURALISM is understandable. Lots of cultures are so bizarre that I think it's reasonable to not like them. But if a person shares all the same values that I do, I don't care what his or her races is. People like YOU tie race to culture, which is dishonest. So all in all, your position is a mess that I reject. I want to preserve American CULTURAL values of individualism, freedom, and tolerance. It doesn't matter to me what color Americans are..."
" Gotta love leftists. This guy told me that prices of EVERYTHING using American steel will now rise. He knows, because he's an expert. Here's what I said. His response. A song for John, my delicate gladiola. "
" THIS is what's wrong with American politics. On the one hand, gun owners are being called MURDERERS, while the ACTUAL murderer isn't even mentioned. Am I supposed to simply ACCEPT being called a murderer? Of course not. But then we have this insanity of ""crisis actors."" Did you ever see the stuff they wrote about the Boston Marathon bombing? They said they recruited Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans who had lost legs, fitted them with prosthetic limbs, and then pulled them off. This is insanity. The question is, How much of this ON BOTH SIDES is real? It's clear that fake Trump supporters are tweeting about ""crisis actors."" My gut tells me that fake anti-gun accounts are tweeting their madness. My position is that you don't get to call me a murderer just because you survived something traumatic. Also, if you're are now a SELF-PROCLAIMED ACTIVIST who uses EXTREMELY provocative language, you're going to get a reaction. WHO is actually talking about the REAL PROBLEM? This gun-control crap is static. It NEVER CHANGES. Did you ever see this advertisement? Fully automatic .45-caliber Thompson submachine guns with 100-round drums were legal. You could buy them by mail order. WHEN were the laws changed? In 1986. The Firearm Owners' Protection Act of 1986 (FOPA) banned machine guns. Did we have an escalating number of massacres with fully automatic weapons between the 1920s and 1986? No. So what accounts for mass shootings? Mental illness. We've lost control of the dangerously mentally ill. The ritualized fighting between the gun-control people and the pro-gun people is a complete waste of time. Both sides may as well be arguing about putting rhinestone collars on dolphins. For someone my age, I get the impression that NOBODY ACTUALLY CARES about the dead. I've heard the exact word-for-word arguments for decades now. This piece makes Australia sound like heaven on earth. Maybe it is--FOR AUSTRALIANS. But Americans aren't Australians. Australia has a FAR MORE repressive government than we here in the US would accept. The First Amendment would be ILLEGAL in Australia. That's why none of these comparisons are apt. If Americans had MACHINE GUNS until 1986 but didn't regularly go into schools and use them, WHAT DOES THAT TELL YOU? There's something else causing this. Who led the way in releasing the dangerously mentally ill? Who else? California. In 1967, California passed the Lanterman-Petris-Short (LPS) Act, which made it virtually impossible to institutionalize people against their will. Lobbyists for private ""board-and-care"" homes were instrumental in passing LPS. It was a disaster. The board-and-care industry were slumlords. They bought tenements in Skid Row, and the former patients were all sent to these places. By 1973, California had hundreds of ""psychiatric ghettos."" Homelessness skyrocketed, and so did crime. Especially murder. By the early 1980s, the entire country--following California's lead--was adopting laws that made it impossible to institutionalize people. Young, chronic, dangerous patients were released, right in time for the advent of advocates for the rights of the homeless. These advocates DENIED the serious mental illness of some many homeless people. Working together, leftists and rightists created today's problems over a period of more than 50 years. Leftists want the ""differently abled"" to be free, and rightists don't want to pay for housing people, AND they oppose giving the government power to detain. What causes mass shootings? The refusal to take control of those who can't control themselves. Until we face reality, mass shootings will continue, no matter how many gun laws are passed..."
" Shaping the battlefield. Since January of 2016, a total of 29 Palestinian attack tunnels have been destroyed. During the 2014 war, the IDF destroyed a total of 32 attack tunnels. ""Experts"" said that the destruction of Palestinian attack tunnels means nothing, because they can always be rebuilt. Pathetic, childish wish casting. The location of each attack tunnel is known only to the group of ""Nokhba""--fighters--who use it AND the leadership of Hamas and Islamic Jihad. Of the 29 attack tunnels destroy, 28 were blown up in Gaza. It was commando action. Somebody located the tunnel, infiltrated Gaza, killed the Nokhba in the tunnel, destroyed the tunnel, and escaped. It wasn't the Israelis. It was the Gulf Cooperation Council. GCC strategic special operators can infiltrate ANYWHERE. They film themselves calling in missiles. Israel blew up the last attack tunnel, killing two Islamic Jihad commanders. Then the Israelis warned Islamic Jihad and Hamas. The battlefield was shaped, and now the war begins. The same thing happened to Hezbollah. The battlefield was shaped by killing virtually all of Hezbollah's commanders. We even have an Arabic-language description of how Hezbollah's military commander-in-chief Mustafa Baddredin was killed. ""Shortly before midnight on Thursday - Friday, Badruddin had finished a field meeting at the party headquarters near Damascus airport, and after leaving his comrades meeting, was still in the courtyard of the building..."" ""When an explosion, which turned out to be a result of a rocket, a very sophisticated type, occurred about two meters from the martyr."" ""The rocket works by means of a mechanism that makes it similar to a bomb that causes an internal explosion in the target, without targeting him with shrapnel."" ""The body of the martyr was taken to the medical center, where he was found to have been hit by shrapnel in the abdomen and the back of his head, but the blood was coming out of his nose and eyes, indicating the pressure caused by the explosion."" ""According to the information, this munition is not launched from an automatic platform as a gun or the like, but is directed in connection with the precise monitoring of the area, which requires high technical work available only in developed countries."" Baddredin was killed by a shock wave. Palestinian attack tunnels are collapsed by shock waves. Hamas warned Islamic Jihad to not retaliate. Guess who else did? ""US Warns Islamic Jihad To Drop War Threat Against Israel."" Did you know about this? Qatar expelled Hamas leaders, billionaires who'd lived there--protected--for decades. My gut tells me that Qatar has been carrying a massive military deception (MILDEC) operation. I think the Qataris have screwed Iran and Hezbollah. Qatar provided Hamas and Iran with cyber warfare technology AND with the networking systems for firing rockets and maintaining tunnel systems. I'm pretty sure that Hezbollah got all of that stuff too. When means that the GCC can shut it all off. This is the Antonov/Taqnia An-132, the first indigenous Saudi aircraft. It was flying over Syria. The An-132 was not supposed to be ready until 2018. This one has a nose bulge, indicating that it's an electronic-warfare variant. That's the sort of aircraft that would shut off all of Hezbollah's weapons. Watch it happen..."
" Someone directed me to this. It's what I thought: a device with a small tank of flammable gas. It's a Bunsen burner. By mixing oxygen with the methane, you get the blue color. I never understood why NOBODY except for the Austrians followed the German lead. A three-man flamethrower is the only way to go. The squad consists of a lance operator, a flamethrower carrier, and a replacement, who also throws hand grenades. The hose is five feet long. The reason the Germans used the three-man squad is that carrying AND firing a flamethrower is inefficient. When the lance operator doesn't have to carry the flamethrower, both men can run as fast as regular infantrymen. The French one-man flamethrower was so heavy and cumbersome that the flamethrower engineers had to start out FIRST. The infantrymen would FOLLOW and OVERTAKE, and they'd all arrive at the same time. All flamethrowers since World War One have been one-man models. They were so heavy that they had to get smaller and smaller. The Chinese army of today uses the Type 74, which holds enough napalm for two one-second jets. And you can't fire it standing up. The German three-man flamethrowers had ten seconds' of fuel, but they had two-minute igniters. And the men could carry up to ten igniters. Because of the long hose, the lance operator could hold the weapon over his head. That way he could stand behind cover and fire a jet. Also, the flamethrowers used stopcocks that could be partially opened. There was one stopcock on the flamethrower and one on the lance. By partially opening the stopcocks and holding the lance over his head, the lance operator could engage in ""curved trajectory shooting."" He could arc the jet of oil in the air so that it reach the bottom of the trench where the enemy was hiding. You could also shoot around corners by bouncing the flame jet off the wall of the trench. The three-man flamethrower is VASTLY superior to the one-man model. BUT WHAT DO I KNOW...?"
" Dear Twitter people: I'm not an idiot. YOU can choose to be idiots. But I'm not stupid and as easily led as a child. The photo and nickname are from the New Yorker. At Bishop Thomas K. Gorman Regional Catholic School in Tyler, Texas, the teachers called ME ""Pork"" and ""Potato Bug."" My experiences are part of the mental-health curriculum at Georgetown University. My teachers called me ""Pork"" because I was fat, and they called me ""Potato Bug"" because I have a big head. A potato bug is Jerusalem cricket. So tell me, Twitter users: Were my teachers right to call me Pork and Potato Bug? Am I simply a fat guy with a big head? After all, MY TEACHERS SAID SO. I now view Judge Roy Moore as diagnostic tool. Tell me all your stupid, childish ideas about him. I don't care. Here's a message to Moore campaign: When I was a kid in Tyler, Texas, another student saved my life. Nobody defended me, except for this guy. The hit job on Judge Moore has allowed me to repay my debt to this fellow student, whose brother is a pastor. Now--at this moment--I realize why it was so important to debunk the attacks on Judge Moore. People were piling on, the way they did to me. Judge, say a prayer for Thurman Biscoe. He set an example for me. I'm glad to say that I didn't let him down. "
" tries to mislead about health insurance and ObamaCare. The federal subsidies to insurance companies (cost-sharing reduction or CSR payments) are ILLEGAL. Congress refused to allocate funds for them, so Treasury Secretary Jack Lew ordered the payments made. He had no legal authority to do this. The CSR payments had to be stopped, because the federal government was running wild. Under Obama, the federal government was 100 percent LAWLESS. Now, I know that Obama worshipers hate Trump. Let me ask you a question: Would you like Trump to do WHATEVER HE WANTS, regardless of the law? Would you like Trump to simply ORDER his desires to be fulfilled? Because THAT is what Obama did, and it set a precedent. All you leftists don't grasp the bullet you dodged. Trump is restoring the RULE OF LAW to the federal government. That means he is NOT DOING what almost every OTHER Republican would've done: Continue the lawlessness of the federal government. The House of Representatives sued to stop the CSR payments, and a federal judge RULED THEM UNCONSTITUTIONAL. Yet they continued. The federal government had become LAWLESS. Under Obama, we became VENEZUELA. The president's word was law. The Washington Post--THE POST--was so torn that it criticized both Republicans AND ""President Obama’s increasingly cavalier approach to picking and choosing how to enforce this law.” By ending the CSR payments, Trump REDUCED HIS OWN POWER and his ability to act unilaterally. Leftists, a question: Do you want Trump to act unilaterally, or are you glad that he's reducing the power of the executive branch? The final bit of fiction: Premiums rose because Trump cancelled the illegal CSR payments. That's a lie. Health-care companies had fled the ObamaCare exchanges long before Trump ended the illegal CSR payments. THE OBAMACARE EXCHANGES NEVER LOWERED PREMIUMS. ObamaCare itself causes premiums to rise. Here's what happened to me before Trump canceled the illegal CSR payments: I lost my doctor AND my health-care plan. My doctor was forced into retirement because he coulodn't afford to bring his practice up to the arbitrary standards imposed by ObamaCare. My health-care plan stopped paying for all my most effective medication, and my premiums QUADRUPLED. So I changed to a shittier plan with no dental or eye-care coverage. My premiums steadily increased, and now I'm paying what I was before I changed plans, BUT I have no dental or eye-care coverage. So I pay for everything in cash, and I get a 90 percent discount. ) is a liar. Everything we're seeing now is a direct result of ObamaCare itself. Not Trump. Again, DEAR LEFTISTS: Do you want Trump to follow in Obama's footsteps and DO WHATEVER HE WANTS, regardless of what the other two branches of government say? Obama PROVED that a rogue president can't be stopped. Do you people WANT A ROGUE DONALD TRUMP? Or do you want Trump to voluntarily reduce his own power...?"
" asks a good question. Here's the difference. Conspiracy theorists LIE. They lie in order to advance their theories. Let's look at Sandy Hook. ""In Connecticut, only the medical examiner is allowed by law to declare someone dead, but the authorities had a death toll for the school almost immediately."" In Connecticut, the law for mass-casualty incidents (MCIs) is different than for other deaths. Connecticut uses the SMART Triage system for MCIs. Paramedics and doctors triage the patients using SMART tags, following very precise, very gruesome criteria. The triage is done to save time and thus save lives. No time is spent on a person so severely injured that he or she is obviously dead. A second lie: ""The Sandy Hook massacre doesn't show up in the FBI crime statistics for 2012."" The FBI crime statistics are submitted voluntarily. The massacre took place on December 14, 2012. The city of Newtown missed the deadline. That's all. So what makes ME different? Well, I admit when I'm wrong. I was told that this video shows a Turkish tank being destroyed by the YPG in Syria, but it's actually an abandoned Saudi tank destroyed by Houthis in Yemen. Here's the article that made me research the soldiers of the Gulf Cooperation Council. ""A team of around fifty ship-deployed special forces landed in Crater in early May."" ""The team was composed of Yemenis serving in the Saudi armed forces and other Yemenis trained by the UAE, including army officers who served the former People's Democratic Republic of Yemen and younger tribal fighters."" ""Embedded with the Yemenis were well-equipped special forces from the UAE Presidential Guard, armed with top-of-the-line weapons such as U.S.-supplied Javelin antitank guided missiles (ATGMs)."" ""These Emirati troops directly engaged in ground combat in Aden city from May 4 onward, while Pakistani and Saudi naval drones provided observation for naval gunfire support."" The pro-Hadi forces broke out of Aden on August 4, 2015. So the Emirati Presidential Guard fought the Houthis for three months. Remember: It was a total 50 troops. The Emirati Presidential Guard was embedded in that 50-man unit. I was able to determine that the UAE Presidential Guard--created in 2011--is organized the same way as the US Marines. A US Marine rifle squad is one squad leader and three four-man fire teams, for a total of 13 men. The Emiratis would also have a joint terminal attack controller (JTAC), and airman who would direct air strikes. So that's 14 men. Maximum. As many as 50,000 Houthis took Aden. Therefore 14 men fought 50,000 for three months and suffered no casualties. That was when I began researching videos from Yemen, Syria, and Iraq. They're full of advanced, unidentified weapons. That video shows a radio-controlled missile with a thermobaric-fragmentation warhead. The steel fragments went through the concrete walls and peppered the building next door. So it's a combination blast-fragmentation warhead. Unbelievably deadly. Everything I post is unambiguous. You can believe it or not, but it's never a lie, and it's always clear enough for you to make up your own mind. Most importantly, what I post is RATIONAL. The Arabs had the best shock troops in World War One. That Moroccan soldier above has one ammunition pouch, because he won't need more than a few bullets. He wears a pocket watch on his wrist in a special holder, and he has a pick and a shovel on his back, with shortened handles. The 1st Moroccan Division trained the US Marines in assault techniques. So I don't find it hard to believe that the Arabs now have the best soldiers in the world. They did in 1918, so why not now...?"
" I understand what is saying. BUT. If this is regime change, it's being handled INCREDIBLY BRILLIANTLY. Look at Twitter. There are competing factions that want control in Iran. AND the conservative Iranians are not going away. So IF THIS IS REGIME CHANGE, this is what the plan is. Uprisings all over the country simultaneously. The security forces are overwhelmed. The protestors are NOT HOSTILE to the security forces. They're saying, ""Don't be afraid. We're all together."" There HAVE been deaths, but the videos I've seen APPEAR to show very restrained covering fire being used to protect protestors. This police blockhouse was hit with a .50-caliber high-explosive incendiary armor piercing (HEIAP) bullet. It was a warning shot, aimed to hit high above the heads of the cops in the blockhouse. My guess is that the cops released all their prisoners. If this is regime change, the goal is to accomplish it as bloodlessly as possible. We can all admit that the Middle East not traditionally carried out military operations that tried to preserve human life. It would be EASY to overthrow the mullahs with extreme violence. But the Iranians have chosen the path of as little violence as possible, in order to make a point. By using very little violence, the Iranians create a more inclusive revolution. The security forces will be more likely to join in. Iran has a functioning government. If the mullahs are forced to leave, the government will call for elections. Iranians will choose their own future. All the competing factions will have to sit down and negotiate. Negotiation is made easier when there isn't a pile of corpses reaching to the sky. IF this is regime change, it was planned for a LONG TIME, and it WILL be successful. Today, both and basically committed the United States to regime change by saying won't let down the Iranians again. The Iranians have chosen a harder but more effective path: as little violence as possible. This means that their chances of success are DRAMATICALLY increased..."
" Let's talk about rules of engagement (ROI), in light of this story. The Iranians ordered their hapless militiamen to attack our troops and our allies. As result, we called in airstrikes and artillery, killing over 100 of the enemy. ROI govern not only how you fight the enemy but how you FIGHT. For years, the US has used military lawyers to determine how to carry out strikes. This is to prevent civilian casualties. On the other hand, commanders refuse to authorize actions that may harm OUR troops. Let me give you two examples of how the strategic commandos of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) fight. On December 4, 2017, the Iran-backed Houthi rebels surrounded the house of Brigadier General Tareq Mohammed Abdullah Saleh, commander of the 3rd Republican Guard. Saleh is the nephew of the former dictator. He was a half-hearted ally of the Houthis. They secretly moved in troops to occupy all the buildings around Saleh's house, and then then carried out a surprise attack, killing everybody. The Houthis reported Saleh dead. Five weeks later, he surfaced, alive and well. What happened was that commandos of the United Arab Emirates rescued Saleh IN THE MIDDLE OF THE AMBUSH. They hid him in the city for three days, dodging Houthi death squads, and then they fought their way through dozens of checkpoints, killing everyone in their way. There's only one way that this could've been done: The commandos disguised themselves as Houthsi, and they used their own initiative. There was no time to ask anyone for permission. The GCC has created autonomous combined-arms units. They've been given the freedom to act on their own. See, the commanders TRUST the men--and women; there are FEMALE commandos in combat--to know their own capabilities and limitations. We also have an incredible video that shows you how well trained these commandos are. When you call in an airstrike, US commanders won't approve it the strike is too close to our own troops. This is an A-10 ""gun run."" Next, we have an incident of ""fratricide,"" in which an A-10 mistakenly fired on British troops. Nobody was hurt. Here's how close the 30mm rounds hit. And finally, here's a video of Arab commandos calling in an A-10 airstrike. This is the gray smoke from the rounds. What happened was the commandos called for the strike to take place RIGHT IN FRONT OF THEM, and then they fired a rocket to finish off the target. Here's the video. The rocket is fired on the right of the screen. No American commander would allow such a close airstrike. The A-10s in Syria are green, not the light gray of American aircraft. The GCC approach is to let the troops in combat determine what happens. By the way, pilots of the UAE Were given the most difficult close-air-support (CAS) missions in Afghanistan. They train like maniacs in CAS. American air force commanders hate CAS, because it's not glamorous. We almost got rid of the A-10 in 2016. Congress had to step in and make the Air Force keep the aircraft. We could learn a lot from the GCC. I hope we do..."
" Here's what happens to deranged Trump haters: First they lose their minds in public. THEN people look into their backgrounds and find stuff LIKE THIS: ""Emails released as part of a hack on Obama administration confidante John Podesta confirm that Rhodes was not able to pass preliminary background checks by the FBI in 2008."" ""The FBI was to complete a full review into Rhodes after the transition. It remains unclear what they concluded."" Hey ! Got us a Reinhold Niebuhr quote to explain this? Here we go, Jim: ""The stupidity of the average man will permit the oligarch, whether economic or political, to hide his real purposes from the scrutiny of his fellows and to withdraw his activities from effective control."" Pretty much describes January 20, 2009 to January 20, 2017. EH?!"
" ABSOLUTELY. This is a completely true story: My father was a Midwesterner born in 1928. Some of you know what that means. His approach was to work until he was nearly unconscious with fatigue. He worked for Exxon but was a specialist in project management, so he was lent out to British and Norwegian companies. Exxon got MORE money from the competition in terms of fees than they did from the Exxon projects my father created. At the time, my father was the only man in the world doing what he was doing. He was lent out to Statoil, the Norwegian state oil company. The Norwegians complained that my father worked too many hours. He told them to cram it, so they CALLED THE COPS ON HIM. The police came and told my father that he was not allowed to work more hours than his Norwegian colleagues. They would ARREST him. So what happened was that my father would come home, wait until everyone at the office was gone, and then go back to work. He rigged up blackout curtains like London had during the Blitz. That's the Law of Jante. You are PROHIBITED from being better than others..."
" CBS reports that Raqqa has fallen. All but a handful of terrorists surrendered. The US estimated that the battle would take eight months. Instead, it took four months. Obama fought the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq for three years. Under Trump's new rules of engagement, Iraq and Syria have been essentially cleared of the Islamic State in less than nine months. One of the most IMPORTANT changes Trump made was to NEVER GIVE ORDERS TO THE LOCALS. The Trump Doctrine requires that the US provide SUPPORT rather than take the initiative. Remember the deranged ""Obama leads from behind"" quote? Well, Trump doesn't LEAD in the Middle East. He COOPERATES. Next is Libya. The press is very upset because of Field Marshal Khalifa Haftar. Because of Obama and the UN, there are now TWO competing governments in Libya. Haftar's power is the byproduct of western ineptitude. But thankfully, this is not our problem. The GCC will handle it, the way they did Kirkuk. Trump is criticized for not taking sides in Libya. He's willing to talk to BOTH governments. Just last night, an American idiot in a think tank was demanding that the US get involved in Kirkuk. Well, we didn't, and the locals resolved the issue bloodlessly without Uncle Sam taking them by the hand. Khalifa Haftar has agreed to cooperate in the arrest of his officers accused of committing war crimes. Isn't that what we want? has exposed the true motivations of FAR too many institutions. They DON'T want improvement. Well, the world is going to get improvement whether it wants it or not. American pundits and ""experts"" can be like the Japanese soldiers who refused to surrender after World War II. The last Japanese soldiers to surrender were Yoshio Yamakawa and Tsuzuki Nakauchi, of the 30th Division. They finally gave up in Mindanao on May 27, 2005. Yamakawa was 87, and Nakauchi was 85. Here's Nakauchi. So in the year 2080, the last Never Trumper will stagger out of his brain-jungle and surrender. And nobody will care..."
" A story about North Korea. People aren't familiar with this country. The Democratic Peoples' Republic of North Korea is a communist state with an ideology of forced reunification with the South. That's the official policy of North Korea. ""Someday, we will invade the South and impose our form of communism."" The DPRK was founded on September 8, 1948. It's had three leaders. The first was Kim Il-sung, the Great Leader. The second was his son Kim Jong-il. And the third is HIS son Kim Jong-un. North Korea engages in terrorism and the illegal exporting of WMD. They work with Iran and Syria, as well as jihadist terrorist groups. The personal depravity of the Kim family--mass sexual slavery, torture, mass murder, etc--doesn't play a part in geopolitics. But here's what the North Koreans did after they were beaten to a pulp in 1953. South Korea's president lives in the Blue House. In 1968, the North Koreans launched an attack to overthrow the government of South Korea. Commandos from Unit 124--all officers--trained for TWO YEARS to carry out the attack. For the final two weeks, the commandos DAILY rehearsed attacking a full-scale mockup of the Blue House. The plan was to kill the South Korean president and seize the nation's broadcasting systems. A plea for ""liberation"" would be sent out. North Korea would then invade, saying that it had been ASKED to do so. On January 17, 1968, the commandos entered South Korea through the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). They set up camp on Simbong Mountain. Four brothers cutting wood discovered the commandos. Instead of killing the woodcutters, the commandos tried to indoctrinate them. Despite being lethal commandos, the men were as innocent as babies. MURDEROUS babies. The woodcutters announced that they’d seen the light and were now communists, so the commandos let them go. The woodcutters went right to the police, and the South Koreans were thus able to prepare for the assault. The raid of January 21 was a fiasco. All of the commandos except for two were killed in running gun battles that lasted eight days. Twenty-six ROK troops and civilians, as well as four Americans, were also killed. One commando surrendered. His name was Lieutenant Kim Shin-jo. The South Koreans were shocked to find out that Kim hadn't fired his machine gun or pistol, and he hadn't used any of his grenades. When they asked him why, he said, ""Because they all lied to me. South Korea is a wonderful place. Everyone is HAPPY."" The second he saw South Korea, Kim Shin-jo ditched his brainwashing. After a year of interrogation, he was released. Today he's a Presbyterian minister and a celebrity in South Korea. He hates the attention and rarely gives interviews. ""I was an EVIL MAN,"" he says. ""You shouldn't be celebrating me."" He has yet to forgive himself for what he almost did. BUT. He ALSO says we must demolish North Korea's offensive military capabilities. The North Koreans WILL USE NUKES. Guaranteed. Trump is the first American president to listen to Kim Shin-jo, a man who almost became evil but refused. Good for Trump."
" So, how does this guy make me laugh my head off even though he and I disagree about tons of stuff? He's mastered the hardest of arts: celebrating AND satirizing at the same time. It's almost impossible to do. You can never ask an artist of this caliber (sorry) to talk about his art. That ruins it. The best thing to do is to enjoy it. This is art that works on to many levels to count. He's totally sincere, AND he's also not serious. has also mastered this art. Trump turns it on himself. When it comes to VERY hotly debating topics, I prefer humor. We have a bunch of veterans applying their veteran-humor, and it works. Here's what happens when a person takes himself too seriously. Hans Bellmer (left). A BRILLIANT artist who was 100 percent negative. All his imagery is ugly. He was obsessed. As a result, his work became one-note. He's most famous for a sculpture that began as a painting. ""The Machine Gun in a State of Grace."" After painting it, he sculpted it. Another angle. And another. You end up with brilliantly executed ideas that are...depressing. Bellmer is all about debasement. Life is NOT one note. It's a SYMPHONY of notes. My own interests are very wide ranging. I find that as I get older, I appreciate three things more and more: Humor, fearlessness, and altruism. The reason I've become so hostile toward leftism is that is 100 percent negative. The carefully marketed fantasy versus the gritty reality. You see this a lot with the most hate-filled leftists. Booze and chocolate. That leftist female ""chock-lit"" shtick is true barfation. So I don't get involved in ""debates."" They never go anywhere. And both sides are too angry. I've known WAY too many angry, effed-up people. Guess what? We're all going to die. So laugh while you can. No point in dying angry..."
" OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. Campos: ""As I was walking down [the hallway], I heard rapid fire. I took cover. I felt a burning sensation. I lifted my pants leg."" Campos: ""And I saw the blood. That's when I called it in on the radio that shots had been fired."" Schuck: ""I walked out and I rounded the corner for the 100 hallway. It was quiet at this time."" Schuck: ""Once I got more than halfway, I saw Jesus and I started to hear shooting. I thought it was a jackhammer."" Schuck: ""The shooting wasn't in the hallway yet. That's when Jesus leaned out and said, 'Take cover! Take cover!'"" Schuck: ""I wasn't fully in cover when [the bullets] began passing behind my head."" Campos gets shot at, Schuck appears, and the killer opens fire AGAIN."
" December 24, 1944. The Battle of the Bulge. An American infantry squad got cut off from their battalion and got lost in the woods. They wandered until they found a house. They knocked on the door. The Belgian woman invited them in. The Americans just wanted directions, but she was insistent. So the Americans went in and thawed out in front of the fire. It was Christmas Eve, so the family had been preparing dinner. The Americans added their rations. Right before dinner was ready, there was a knock on the door. The Belgian woman answered. It was a squad of German soldiers. Their commander spoke French. He'd seen the smoke form the fire and asked if they could come in and warm up. The Belgian woman said, ""Yes, but this is MY HOUSE. I have guests. I've invited them for dinner. There will be no killing here. Do you understand me?"" The puzzled Germans came in and saw the Americans sitting with the family. ""Put your weapons over there,"" the woman said. They Germans obeyed. ""Now sit down with my guests."" It was an AWKWARD moment. But the Belgian woman collected the Germans' rations and added them to the dinner, which was ready. She served everybody and wished them all a Merry Christmas. As they ate, one of the Americans began singing ""Silent Night."" The Germans have this song too. They sang it in German. The Belgian woman saw several men on both sides surreptitiously wiping their eyes. When the dinner was over, both squads of infantry stood and collected their weapons. The Belgian woman saw them out. Once they were outside, the German commander produced a map and showed the Americans how to get back to their lines. Both sides saluted and departed in opposite directions. ""They departed into their own country another way."" --Matthew 2:12"
" The Mexican cartels bribe people like this: ""Here's $1 million in cash. Take it and do what we want or die."" Maybe we now have feds who say, ""Here's all the DNA of these people and your people. Do something or the mallet comes down."" I know people want perp walks, but they creates political martyrs. Think of it THIS way: Secrecy allows FAR more draconian threats to be made. We need a new approach to deal with political terrorists. As Bill Ayers says, ""Guilty as hell, free as a bird. America is a GREAT country!"" Where IS Bill, by the way? Do you suppose somebody paid HIM a visit? Just for a friendly chat?"
" ""Experts."" Let me show you how they're ALWAYS WRONG. Álvaro Obregón, the best general in the Mexican Revolution. Here's what ALL ""experts"" say about Obregón: ""As students of modern warfare, Obregón and his military advisers were acutely aware that machine guns, barbed wired and dug-in artillery gave a marked advantage to a defender. The terrain at Celaya was excellent for a defending force with modern armaments."" Obregón defeated Pancho Villa by using something called ""elastic defense."" The ""experts"" say Obregón was a ""keen student"" of modern warfare and used German ideas. What do we know about Obregón? He had a sixth-grade education and had been a lathe operator, a door-to-door shoe salesman, and a farmer. Obregón used elastic defense against Pancho Villa from April 6 to 15, 1915, at Celaya. When did the German begin THINKING about elastic defense? June of 1915. Álvaro Obregón--a Mexican farmer with a sixth-grade education--conceived of modern elastic defense BEFORE the German High Command, all of whom had university degrees AND/OR doctorates. But ALL military ""experts"" will tell you that Obregón copied the Europeans. AND THEY'RE WRONG. The dates prove it. One more thing: The Europeans created hand-grenade squads in late 1915. Pancho Villa beat them by over a year. Villa's ""Dynamite Boys"" created hand grenades from dynamite and food cans: soup, peaches, tomatoes, and so on. The Dynamite Boys were a company of 100 men who were armed with four hand grenades each. No other weapons. AND the Dynamite Boys attacked at night. They always won. Totally new form of warfare. A MEXICAN invented it. The ""experts"" rarely know what they're talking about. Their biases blind them. I don't have biases when it comes to facts. MEXICANS WERE THERE FIRST. It took a long time for the Europeans to catch up. And I'm the only person who will tell you that..."
" The Saudis and Israel secretly made peace in 2006. Then the Gulf Cooperation Council funded Israeli weapon development to the tune of trillions. Saudi Arabia has no desire for empire. Recently Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said that all people have a divine right to choose their own religion OR atheism, so Muslims must not force Islam on others. The problem that the CURRENT Saudi leadership has with Iran is based on geopolitics, not sectarianism. Moqtada al-Sadr was invited to Saudi Arabia. Al-Sadr also went to the UAE. During the Battle of Mosul, the Iraqis found that the Iranian-controlled Iraqi militias were smuggling weapons and medical supplies to the Islamic State. In other words, Shia were helping murder Shia. The Iranian mullahs are a mafia. So the issue isn't Sunni versus Shia. Not on a geopolitical level. When the mullahs are gone, Iran will become a global power. In time, Iran will become a SUPERpower. The old battles for power and influence are obsolete. All they do is cause misery. Right now, the mullahs are trying to draw Israel into a war. It won't work. Israel and the Saudis are actually secret allies. The king of Bahrain has had Hanukkah ceremonies in his palace for several years now. Soon the Saudis will allow first churches and then synagogues to be built in Saudi Arabia. And that will be the end of the long regional nightmare. The Middle East can't rely on the west. We radically change our policies, depending on our leaders. So Middle East is becoming self-sufficient. Trump is helping that process. Like the Saudis, Trump isn't interested in empire. So there won't be a war. The mullahs will leave voluntarily, or they'll be escorted out of the building. But no war..."
" It was almost certainly Thomas G. Ayers, Bill Ayers's father. Ayers Sr was one of the fabulously wealthy leftist social engineers who have done so much damage. Obama's mentor was the Marxist journalist Frank Marshall Davis. Davis and Ayers Sr had to have known each other, because they were both Chicago radicals and community activists. Obama had the skids greased for him his entire life. Ayers Sr started it, and then Soros took over after Ayers retired in 1980. Obama transferred from Occidental to Columbia in 1981. As much damage as Obama did, the very thing that made Ayers and Soros choose him is what prevented him from utterly destroying the country. Obama is passive and motivated purely by rage. Once he became president, he realized he no longer had to follow orders, so he simply didn't do all the things he was supposed to do. Much of what Obama did was unconstitutional, but he proved that a rogue president can't be stopped. Congress was impotent, and the judiciary refused to get involved. The Supreme Court--by its own admission--must do everything in its power to twist the law into making it constitutional. That's why the Supremes used a definition of ObamaCare that the White house itself rejected. Obama was totally lawless--but he was also gutless. He worried about his legacy. Remember: As a US Senator, he voted ""present"" 139 times. Obama was also a micromanager, so he prevented the REAL radicals from implementing policies that would've wrecked us forever. Ayers and Soros made an elementary mistake: A puppet has no volition. If you lose control of the puppet, it won't do anything. After he became president, Obama simply ignored Soros for the most part. We dodged a bullet the size of a freight train on November 8, 2016. Hillary would've finished us off. That's why I'm now positive that Trump will give the go-ahead to indict Obama and Hillary. The Democrats have to pay. Otherwise they'll just do it again..."
" Pretty much. ""Small-unit tactics."" The videos show maybe fifteen men accompanying a tank and a bulldozer. In the past, you need a large number of men to create ""volume of fire"" and ""weight of fire."" If every man has a fully automatic weapon, and there are missileers and rocket gunners, that's a massive weight of fire. But each unit is self-contained--until it meets up with another. They're like antibodies fighting an infection. It's called the Second Revolution in Military Affairs. And the Arabs are leading it."
" Horror movies. I'll tell you the ones I like the most. For me, true horror is the loss of individuality, irrationality, dishonesty, alienation, and the inability to communicate. I was never into PHYSICAL horror. As a child, I so much of the real thing that no film could ever top it. I despise sadism. Thus I haven't seen the vast majority of horror movies that people recommend. The director David Cronenberg was famous for physical horror. He had an epiphany that I'm pretty sure most people would never have. Cronenberg realized that everything he'd done in his movies is now available FOR REAL on multiple Websites. Murders, car accidents, terrorism. In my entire life, I've watched only ONE jihadist beheading video. I did so because I had to know what the real thing looked like so I could debunk an Islamic State fraud. Virtually ALL of the most infamous Islamic State videos are fake. They DID kill the prisoners, but not in the way seen on camera. Why did they fake the videos? Two reasons: One is control. The Islamic State presented its victims as passive, unable to resist. They accomplished this by MIMING the murders. most of what you see is computer-generated imagery (CGI). The Islamic State put out two videos of the murder of Royal Jordanian Air Force pilot Lieutenant Moath Youssef al-Kasasbeh. When you compare identical frames, you see that the flames are completely different. The flames are animated. Multiple continuity errors show that the death scenes were mimed and filmed several times. For example, in one film he holds the sixth cage bar, while in another he holds the seventh. The Islamic State promises prisoners their lives if they cooperate. Then the prisoner is killed after the videos are made. The second reason the Islamic State faked their videos is that reality doesn't look like what people expect. Movies have corrupted our ability to judge what's real and what isn't. Since I don't watch physical horror movies, my perception hasn't been corrupted. I can tell fake from real. You can apply this concept pretty much across the board. Entertainment itself has utterly corrupted our ability to determine what's real and what isn't. Prosecutors call it the ""CSI Effect."" Jurors now expect NO doubt rather than ""beyond a reasonable doubt."" The general public is no longer reasonable. That's why conspiracy theories have taken hold. There's a wall between me and people who believe in ridiculous fantasy. We can't communicate. But that's fine by me. I like low-key things. I like calmness. When you remain calm, you're better at perceiving reality. A video from the Lebanese army. Of course the video itself is a very powerful statement. But did you notice THIS? They've censored a vehicle behind the soldier. They also censored tracks in the earth. It's some kind special-forces gun truck. Something like this. We're getting VERY close to the end of the Iranian mullahs and all their lackeys. I've seen enough horror in my life, which is why I concentrate on beauty. A free Middle East will be beautiful..."
" Vanity Fair is trying desperately to damage . Check it out: ""Many at the Tuesday night event were not yet aware of Barr’s recent tweets accusing teenage school-shooting survivor David Hogg of giving a Nazi salute..."" ""And claiming President Trump has 'freed so many children held in bondage to pimps all over the world,' a debunked conspiracy theory that has been circulating on far-right sites."" Where to begin? David Hogg is not a ""teenage school-shooting survivor."" He's a political activist who accuses gun owners of being indifferent to the deaths of children. His rhetoric is familiar to all of us who know anything about totalitarianism. Vanity Fair of course omits the context of ANY comments made about Hogg. School-shooting survivors don't get to hide behind that. Those who choose to be political activists who demonize their opponents? They're going to get pushback. This is Newtonian physics. It's so typical: ""I'm strong and fearless, but I'm also fragile, so you're not allowed to respond in kind."" VERY old shtick. I'm tired of it. And it turns out that like so many others, Rebecca Keegan of Vanity Fair doesn't know the definition of the term ""conspiracy theory."" Saying that Trump is freeing children is not a conspiracy theory. A conspiracy is a CRIME carried out by two or more people who planned it together. Thus Keegan mocks Roseanne while stepping on her own willy. So to speak. And now, this: ""Nor had they seen the recently resurfaced photo shoot she did in 2009 for the Jewish humor magazine Heeb, in which she dressed as Hitler."" They REALLY hate Roseanne. I never read others' interpretations of controversial art, so when I saw this, I took it as savage mockery of the endless beard-stroking that we have over the Holocaust. Think about this: We're STILL debating the Holocaust in one way or another. That's INSANE. To ME, this photo of Roseanne as Hitler with burned cookies is about as powerful a statement that anyone could make about the utterly USELESS, VAPID jibber-jabber that gets plopped out concerning this ONE mass atrocity. Look at the name of the magazine: Heeb. You're shocked that they're going to do things that rub you the wrong way? I'm not Jewish, so of course my take on this isn't relevant to Jewish people. But. I spent ten years in Hollywood. The people attacking Roseanne? They HATE Jewish people. As a music journalist, I was invited to tons of parties. Publicists did that back in the day to bribe us to write nice things. I was always the only sober guy at these parties. Black jokes, gay jokes, and Jewish jokes. That's all I heard from rich, famous, drunk, and high leftists. So this clutching of pearls isn't exactly convincing. My mother was Mexican. I would stand there as the pearl-clutchers would unload every anti-Mexican racist pejorative you can imagine. And some that I'd never heard before. To the pearl-clutchers, Mexicans are slaves. They're good for nothing except exploitation. My mother gave her first piano recital when she was four. The pearl-clutchers aren't fit to clean my mother's shoes. We live in a great era. Things are much better now than they were when I was in Hollywood. And things are going to get even better. The attacks on Roseanne aren't sincere. They're 100 percent political. There's more to life than politics, kids. Imagine what politicians say about the pearl-clutchers behind their backs. The whole thing is mierda, as my mother would say. She was a Republican, by the way. I predict that the pearl-clutchers will fail, and Roseanne will triumph. She's a work in progress, always growing and changing. The pearl-clutchers are like those prehistoric mosquitoes stuck in amber. Frozen in time forever. It's a new age. A GOLDEN age, even. And tons of people are going to miss out on it..."
" Neo-Nazi Michael Bruce Peterson, Salt Lake City, Utah, age 39. History of sexual assault. He went into a massage center, groped a female employee, and demanded a massage. Cops came. The cop Tazered him, but it had no effect. He attacked the cop and broke his nose and ankle. Then he took the cop's baton and beat him. A lieutenant arrived. He had to shoot this animal ten times to kill him. Where's the morality in letting these career criminals out over and over until stuff like this happens? Every single thing the dead Nazi said is a cliche. ""F*ck your punk ass. Let's go,"" etc. Violent crime is down, but the crime that's happening is definitely more insane and STUPID. I blame horrible parenting, of course, but also TV and movies. None of these creatures are thinking. They're all acting out roles. He ends up dead on the cement in a parking lot, with ten bullets in him. A sack of garbage. What a weird thing: fewer but CRAZIER crimes. Irrationality scares the hell out me. It's in the air, isn't it? All around us..."
" A photo taken when the two Korean leaders met secretly on May 26, 2018. This was how they greeted each other. AND. North Koreans are in Washington, Americans are in North Korea, and the two Korean leaders meet with a hug. Koreans are called the ""Irishmen of Asia."" South Korean cinema is absolutely amazing. Oldboy I'm a Cyborg But That's Okay R-Point Memento Mori Wishing Stairs All about fierce, dark emotion. is a film fanatic. I'm sure he's familiar with Korean films. The Koreans are very proud people. But they've been deeply traumatized. In 1910, the Japanese ANNEXED Korea and outlawed the language. When I lived in Tokyo, I had to leave the country to apply for a visa extension. So I took a ferry to Pusan, South Korea. Pusan was the strangest place I've ever been. The taxi driver kept his head turned toward me as he blew through red lights. In the hotel, I heard car accidents every ten minutes. The US armed forces radio had public-service announcements: ""Just because you're stationed in Korea doesn't mean you have to drive like a Korean!"" In the hotel lobby, a man approached me and began going through my things. I thought he was a cop. No! Just a curious man. The streets were full of men holding hands with men and women holding hands with women. An American had told me, ""You're going to think the whole country is gay."" But Koreans have an amazing artistic sense. This is the most famous ""dub-step"" dancer in South Korea. She invented new moves that became the standard. What the Koreans needed was people who held the wolves at bay while the two countries could talk. Since Kim Jong-un began preparing his people for freedom in 2012, my guess is he got word that help was on the way. In 2012, who was our president? So it wasn't us who told Kim that he would someday be free. The North Koreans were helping Syria and Iran acquire ICBMs and nuclear technology. Therefore it was the Saudis and their allies who reached out to Kim. King Abdullah, who carried out MASSIVE reforms and MASSIVE long-term projects without even a hint of them leaking. An amazing man. When the Korean nightmare is over, of course we need to thank Donald Trump, Kim Jong-un, and Moon Jae-in. But also thank Saudi Arabia. Blessed are the peacemakers..."
" Since June of 2015, I've been studying the strategic special forces of the Gulf Cooperation Council. Nothing makes people crazier than talking about war and guns. If someone like me dares to express an opinion, people who claim to be experts will denigrate it without even thinking. But the thing is, I STUDY this stuff. Those other people don't. I'll give you an example of what I know and what THEY don't know. Berem do Pilar, an Iranian-Brazilian police officer implicated in fifty murders. Drug and arms trafficker. His black T-shirt says, ""A strong blow is what kills the animal."" Berem do Pilar belonged to a ""militia"" connected to Hezbollah. Do Pilar lived in the luxury Rio suburb of Duque de Caxias, where he headed up the militia. ""The militias are heavily armed, and their leaders are state security agents like active duty or retired police, military troops, firemen and prison guards, which makes them 'a criminal branch within the state,' [legislator Marcelo] Freixo said. ""In his view, these illegal groups 'represent the greatest threat to public security today,' because they commit crimes 'within the state, and have plans to occupy the corridors of power,' he said. As a matter of fact, Berem do Pilar was a “pre-candidate” for city council, meaning that his party had announced that he would be running in the upcoming elections. His contacts with the government and armed forces allowed him to commit his crimes openly. He was untouchable. Until he was killed in front of his house. The video is not gory, but it's very violent, so be warned. Two men shot and killed do Pilar. The ambush lasted exactly 35 seconds. A car drove up, and a rifleman fired into do Pilar's arms, preventing him from using his own weapon. At the same time, a second gunman used a small-caliber pistol at close range. The rifleman fired into do Pilar's legs, bringing him down, and then the man with the pistol switched to .45 caliber weapon and finished the job. The rifleman pulled off on of the most amazing things I've ever seen. After emptying the magazine, he pulled a fresh magazine from his left front jeans pocket and inserted it. But he held the empty magazine in his left hand the whole time. People thought that was a cell phone, but it's the empty rifle magazine. They killed this serial murderer and Hezbollah-connected terrorist in the most heavily guarded neighborhood in Brazil. It took them 35 seconds, and they got away clean. Here's the video. This is what struck me: Americans hold their rifles like this. The idea is that you have much better accuracy by holding the rifle this way. The man who killed Berem do Pilar held his rifle this way. Americans are taught to not fire like that. Who holds the magazine well of the rifle when firing? Kuwaitis and Qataris. Jordanians. Iraqis. And Saudis. A lot of people on Twitter think I'm completely insane. Well, the hit on Berem do Pilar was carried out by men who'd trained for years. Not Brazilians. The South American career criminals linked to Hezbollah are being wiped out. Nobody can protect them. I challenge any veteran to try and duplicate what you saw in the video above. Pull up in the car, empty two pistols and a rifle magazine, change magazine with one hand, check the guy's pulse, and skedaddle, all in 35 seconds. My guess is you won't be able to do it. But THOSE guys did it. Probably MANY MANY times..."
" THERE WE GO. Who spilled the beans, Democrats? Take a wild guess. ""In its determination to secure a nuclear deal with Iran, the Obama administration derailed an ambitious law enforcement campaign targeting drug trafficking by the Iranian-backed terrorist group Hezbollah."" Project Cassandra was an investigation into Hezbollah and Iran. ""As Project Cassandra reached higher into the hierarchy of the conspiracy, Obama administration officials threw an increasingly insurmountable series of roadblocks in its way."" Politico was given access to government documents and court records. GUESS WHO IS THE ONLY PERSON CAPABLE OF RELEASING SUCH INFORMATION? This guy. NOW is it clear to you stupid alt-right bastards and Judicial Watch and all you headline-grabbing members of Congress that Sessons is turning everything inside out? You MORONS are making demands that won't result in anything. Meanwhile Sessions is HANGING the Obama administration. ""The [Obama] Justice Department declined requests by Project Cassandra and other authorities to file criminal charges against major players such as Hezbollah’s high-profile envoy to Iran."" The storm will wash all the rot away. So everyone needs to SHUT UP, GROW UP, and be PATIENT. You're not five years old. "
" California, where enlightened progressives protect women from sexual assault, right? Wrong. Ask Assemblywoman Melissa Melendez (R-67). served ten years in the US Navy. The was taught to speak fluent Russian and was one of the first women to fly aboard EP-3 reconnaissance aircraft, conducting reconnaissance and intelligence-gathering operations. Not a lightweight. Melendez wrote a whistleblower-protection bill that prevents members of the California legislature from retaliating against women who make charges of sexual abuse. The bill has cleared the Assembly multiple times, but it always dies in the Senate Appropriations Committee. The Appropriations Committee deals with FUNDS. Why is the Appropriations Committee allowed to kill this bill? Melendez can get no answers. The bill has the votes to pass the Senate. It can be signed by the governor TODAY. Everything above is factual. Now we get into my own editorializing, so it's fine for Assemblywoman Melendez to say, ""He's NUTS!"" The California Senate Appropriations Committee is Chaired by Senator Ricardo Lara. He's the guy killing the whistleblower bill. SURPRISE! That is an official portrait. The guy can't even FAKE normality for one second. He looks like a corrupt, lecherous thug. Sacramento is full of stories of legislators LOCKING WOMEN IN ROOMS, DROPPING THEIR PANTS, AND ADVANCING. Gosharootie! Look at this! Hey, I know: Let's get Ricardo to help! I can't think of a more down-to-earth, serious, sincere fellow. WHAT'S WITH THE TEETH? Who told these people to bare both rows of teeth at the camera? Who told politicians to wear sausage casings? The reason that Senator Sausage is killing the whistleblower bill--this is MY OWN BLATHER--is that he's covering for his buddies. These people take our money and then literally rape us. This is the face of progressive politics. My mother was Mexican, and I was born in Venezuela. GUESS WHERE CALIFORNIA IS HEADED? A song for Senator Tooth-Sausage. "
" Stand by to click and like and share and RT this exclusive story, given exclusively to Ensign Patches! Good Golly, Miss Molly! Kelly drugs Trump, prevents him from seeing his family, controls what Trump reads, and physically bars him from his own dining room. But Kelly is on the way out anyway. Hurra! Wait: What's that? The president wants to say something? Okay. Mr. President? Soon be...? FAKE NEWS?! How is that possible? IT WAS A SCOOP! I don't know who to believe, the president or the scoopers. A conundrum. Are the Russians involved? Bassist and vocalist Andrej Nebb is missing the thumb, middle, and ring finger on his fret hand. Did that slow him down? He was my first bass hero. How does he play so many notes with only two fingers? Amazing. A scoop of determination, a scoop of courage, and a scoop of artistry. An Andrej Nebb sundae! What about an Ensign Patches sundae? Several scoops of-- ALARM! ALARM! CALL THE POLICE! Here you go. That's all bass! Why didn't Sting ever play another song like that? I don't get it..."
" OKAY, LEFTISTS: In your blame game, guess who you overlooked? The press. ""'The fire alarm went off so we started to evacuate and then people [started] running saying there was a shooter,' read another chilling account."" GUESS WHO SET OFF THE FIRE ALARM? GUESS WHERE SHE GOT THAT IDEA? The press is publishing how-to manuals for mass shootings. Now I'M not a journalist. But I REFRAIN from drawing attention to information that criminals can use. I also REFRAIN from exposing COUNTERMEASURES. Are you part of society, leftists and the press (but I repeat myself)? As responsible members of society, how about we NOT try to score political points by using the dead as props? AND. How about we STOP publishing manuals for how to commit mass shootings...?"
" Here's what Democrats from the East Coast do. They use dead Americans as political props. Here's what TEXANS do. An armed citizen got his OWN rifle, chased the criminal from the church and pursued him down the highway. That citizen may have also KILLED the criminal. If and had their way, that armed citizen WOULD NOT HAVE BEEN ABLE TO RESPOND. The church held more than 100 people. How many lives did the armed citizen save?"
" What do school shootings have in common with Somali pirates and cruise liners? Somali pirates hijacked freighters and oil tankers. The companies that owned the ships refused to hired armed guards. Why? Because they said that this would lead to an arms race. It was just easier to pay the $30 million ransom per ship. The pirates lived in seaside towns where they built villas and drove around in Cadillac SUVs. These were professional criminals. For years, the West wrung its hands. GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? Multiple countries patrolled the Horn of Africa...but they didn't DO ANYTHING. Until the Indian Navy came along. Somali pirates used motorized skiffs that were taken to sea by mother ships. The Indian Navy sank the mother ships and let the survivors fend for themselves. Why don't you hear about Somali pirates anymore. Because the ship owners finally saw the light. Another angle. The pirates moved further south, into waters patrolled by Arab navies. As a result, SOMEONE carried out raids on the pirate town in Somalia, blowing up all the villas. The pirates gave up. Now what about cruise ships? Why hasn't anyone attacked these big, fat apparent sitting ducks? Because somewhere on each ship, they have weapons depots, and they have professional security contractors on board. The ships have sound guns and water cannons, but that's all the admit to having. You can bet your life that they have a lot more. Freighters, oil tankers, and cruise ships were hardened, AFTER the owners said it wouldn't happen. Did the world end? No. My guess is that the federal government will mandate things for public schools. Leftists will screech, but smart things will be done anyway. And school shooters will go the way of the Somali pirates. They were sent to Davy Jones's locker. Did anyone say even a WORD about that...?"
" They were hit with a massive military deception operation as well as electronic warfare and infiltrators. The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) used social media and the press to make the Kurds think that the Shia militia were coming. Fake news reports claimed that the Al-Hashd Al-Sha'abi had attacked with tanks and heavy artillery. Fake photos were circulated, convincing Kurdish commanders to send their men to the wrong places. Infiltrators disguised as Kurds added to the confusion. The Kurdish communications systems were hacked. The population and the Peshmerga were told to flee. So they did. The Iraqis took all of Mosul in 15 hours. THIS is modern warfare. The Gulf Arabs have perfected the art of defeating the enemy without causing casualties. Truly stunning..."
" The Russians get completely tangled up in their infantile lies. The al-Nusra Front--al-Qaeda in Syria--attacked 29 Russian military police. ""Our so-called American partners are nervous. There is almost no secret that Washington controls both Daesh and al-Nusra Front."" The Russian military police were surrounded by over a thousand terrorists, but help came. First these guys arrived...from somewhere. And then flame and fury from the sky. They killed 850 of ""our"" terrorists. The problem is that only the Russian media is reporting this. And there's no physical evidence that it happened. No photos or videos of all the destroyed vehicles. No fields of corpses. And THIS is just plain moronic. Look at the trajectory of the bullet. The bullet missed the head because the head wasn't in the helmet. Nobody was in these trucks. And this isn't the result of a projectile. This thing was RAMMED with an armored vehicle. These aren't Russian missiles. That's the beacon that the guidance system uses to steer the missiles. A pink beacon means it uses xenon gas. Russian missiles use incandescent beacons. They're white. And then we have another Russian cruise-missile attack in response to the ""US terrorist"" ambush. Neither the Pentagon nor Combined Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve have said anything about any of this. There's no evidence that it happened. I think the Russians know the jig is up in Syria. So I think the Russians are going to claim that they couldn't protect Assad against US-backed terrorists. They'll offer him asylum. This whole fantasy of a gigantic terrorist attack is really unprecedented. If you were WINNING, would you lie like a five-year-old?"
" Before I go to bed, let me tag in and to talk about ANOTHER gift that Obama gave the Iranians. A gloating imbecile thinks that the Iranians actually did this themselves. January 12, 2016: The Iranians captured 10 sailors on two CB-90 Riverine Command Boats. The boats are based in Bahrain. They don't patrol up as far as Farsi Island. This story explains AND provides questions that were never answered. THIS is why the incident happened: ""The rapid resolution also was a victory for moderate President Hassan Rouhani, who has promoted greater openness with the outside world despite strident opposition from deeply entrenched hard-liners at home."" A present for Rouhani. Why do I say that? Because of THIS: ""The sailors left the island at 0843 GMT (3:43 a.m. EST) Wednesday aboard their boats, the Navy said. They were picked up by Navy aircraft, and other sailors took control of the vessels for the return voyage to Bahrain, where the U.S. 5th Fleet is based."" See, each CB-90 has a crew of nine. THOSE 18 sailors were picked up BY AIRCRAFT, and then the ten soon-to-be-captured sailors were put on the stranded boats...and then the aircraft left. Aircraft? That means HELICOPTERS, and that means SHIPS. Ships went to the island, removed the REAL crews, and put the weeping losers in their place. Then the ships took off. The sailors had their passports. That's a blue US Navy passport. Sailors NEVER take them on patrol. They take them when traveling to foreign countries. When the whole disaster was over, the official report blamed the sailors and their commanders. HORSESHIT. You thought it was bad that Obama gave the mullahs billions? What do think about him giving them US NAVY SAILORS? That was a propaganda victory that had geopolitical implications. ""Good job, party of God."" Dear delusional Iranian: Your pathetic naval forces were handed ten American ninnies so that everybody could playact that the mullahs were big and strong but magnanimous. It was all fake. The CURRENT president has no need to kiss the mullahs' asses, and he's also fully supportive of the operation to TOPPLE the mullahs. Ask those 500 Russians in Syria. Oh wait! You can't ask them, because THEY'RE ALL DEAD! Our president--as humane as he is--ruthlessly set up Vladimir Putin by charming him, and the James ""Mad Dog"" Mattis gave the order to lure in the Russians and annihilate them. We had to show Iranians of goodwill that if they ask for help, we'll give it to them. Anything they want. Including B-52 Stratofortress strategic bombers. We're not afraid of Russia. In fact Russia is now afraid of us. So don't pat yourself on the back, sonny. This was another Obama dog-and-pony show. It was the president being kind to the funny Third Worlders. Well, Trump expects BETTER from Iranians. He's going to help them free themselves. The mullahs got so spoiled that they began to believe their own propaganda. A fatal mistake. As you'll find out soon enough..."
" The company that did it is called IEOD. This photo shows what APPEARS to be a technician laying detonation cord. Detonation cord is itself explosive, so you can use it to trigger land mines. In battle, they have vehicles that fire a Mine Clearing Line Charge (MICLIC). It's effective but very slow. This is how all GCC transport aircraft can fly. My guess is that you could unreel a VERY long MICLIC from a low-flying transport aircraft--like a fire hose in a hotel hallway--and clear an entire minefield in seconds. The ground assaults in Yemen are happening at lightning speed. They're obviously using new, unknown technology..."
" Okay. Here goes ANOTHER crazy theory that I THINK I've confirmed. It begins with this. ""'If Hezbollah is limited, Lebanon will be fine. It is unacceptable for any militia to possess weapons outside of the state’s control,' Jubeir said during a joint news conference with his French counterpart, Jean-Yves Le Drian in Riyadh."" I think we can all agree that militias should not be allowed to outgun the government. Here's what Hezbollah has done to southern Lebanon. I've never seen anything remotely like it. The source is the IDF. Hezbollah has 120,000 missiles. A conventional war would be catastrophic. Now, I THOUGHT that the Gulf Cooperation Council would use advanced technology and mas infiltration IN THE FUTURE. Well...I'm pretty sure it already happened. Yemen is the key. The Saudis have used it as the mother of all distractions. While everyone focuses on Yemen, the GCC defeats all the right people in the entire region. This was a big story. The ""experts"" said this was STUPIDITY-STUPID, because it would push Lebanon into the arms of Iran. STUPID SAUDIS! But what it the Saudis cut off funding AND INSTEAD SIMPLY HANDED OVER THE WEAPONS? I'll get to that in a moment. Israel has bombed Hezbollah and Syria for years, in an effort to stop Iranian weapons shipments. Hey! Look at this! ""The Kuwaiti paper further reported that Hezbollah leaders have instructed a halt to arms shipments sent to the group from Iran through war-torn Syria."" BOMBING Hezbollah for all those years didn't work. What stopped the weapons shipments? President Trump gives us a clue. In the past, we didn't give the Lebanese army high-tech weapons precisely because of its connection to Hezbollah. The army was FORCED--on pain of the murder of the families--to work with Hezbollah. What changed? My theory is that thousands or even tens of thousands of GCC strategic special forces infiltrated Lebanon and pretended to be the Lebanese army. Meanwhile, the Lebanese army went to training camps in Jordan, Saudi Arabian, and the UAE, where it was taught the new skills. And it was given weapons. The GCC held the line until the Lebanese army was ready. The POLITICAL turmoil is another rabbit for everyone to chase. HERE is where the rubber meets the road. Those are men of the 1st Battalion, 6th Company, Lebanese Airborne Commando Regiment (Fawj al-Maghaweer). And they are INCREDIBLY heavily armed. Tons of machine gunners. He's got ammunition cans all over him. This is some kind of munition. No idea what it is. A rocket, I think, similar to the B-300. The B-300 is Israeli. This six-man squad has two machine guns, a rocket launcher, and grenade launchers. And guess what! This is the B5 Systems Enhanced SOPMOD stock. SOPMOD = Special Operations Peculiar MODification. B5 Systems is a GIGANTIC American defense contractor. Their products are state of art and EXPENSIVE. These Lebanese commandos were equipped by the GCC. Guaranteed. They also have grenade launchers with forward grips, which means they were TRAINED TO THE MAX. It allows them to fire grenades FASTER. This man has an American Air Assault qualification badge. He trained in the US. The Airborne Commando Regiment is the most diverse in terms of religion and ethnicity. It's no coincidence that they were trained and armed by the US and the GCC. This is more proof that the Saudis don't want domination. They said, ""Hezbollah must disarm,"" NOT ""Hezbollah must go."" I like the video. My guess is many of those men are not who they seem. ""Wave at the camera!"" ""Hi! I'm just a Lebanese guy! Nice to see ya!"" Several of those men have no unit or rank insignia. And their firepower is amazing. What if Hezbollah just...walks away? Wouldn't that be utterly stunning? It may actually happen..."
" gives me an opening to explain myself. For some reason people are following me in large numbers. So let me illustrate my view on being in that position. I was once a bass guitarist. I had to stop playing because of osteoarthritis in my hands. This doesn't feel like a loss anymore. I've found other outlets. I'm the least-competitive person you'll ever meet. And I feel duty bound to give credit where it's due. Bass guitarists tend to be competitive people who develop technical skills while not bothering with style and artistry. I always wanted to be a STYLIST, not a shredder. When I was 22 years old, I heard a song that utterly blew me away. I tried for years to learn the bass line, but it eluded me. There are instructional videos all over YouTube claiming to show you how the line is played, but every single one is wrong. The guys UNABLE TO PLAY THE LINE make condescending remarks about it. ""A zippy little tune that's moderately difficult."" Wrong! The only guy who can play it is the guy who wrote it. Why is it so hard to play? Because the third and fifth notes have a vibrato that not a single other bassist can manage. It's hard to find a bass video that isn't UTTERLY BORING. They all talk too much. Vibrato. What makes this bass lines from 1984 impossible to play is the vibrato on the third and fifth notes. I thought that the bass line was played with a sequencer, not an electric bass. Wrong! It's just that Mark O'Toole is a genius. The acid test is ""Can he play it live?"" Ha! The bass is the entire song. See, I don't feel envy. I wish I could've been Mark O'Toole. Skilled, slender, handsome in his mature years. Only O'Toole can play that song. And he has a VERY no-frills bass. The sound comes from HIM. That grinding, rough, manly tone comes from the way he hits the strings with his pick. VERY expensive bass in an instructional video. The notes are correct, but does it move you at all? Feeling. STYLE. That's what moves you. Mark O'Toole makes people look like this. I couldn't be Mark O'Toole on the bass; he's the only such bassist. But I want to be the Mark O'Toole of Twitter. I want to have STYLE, and I want to make people smile. My goal isn't to be famous. Lots of Twitter gurus tell their followers to avoid me. THEY want to be famous. I'd rather be GOOD... "
" A thread for . I didn't sign on Twitter early enough to see that you'd said you were closing down your social-media accounts. Then you said you'd been talked into staying. Well, you're under tons of pressure from both sides, so I just wanted to say that whatever you decide to do, I'll support. If you stay, great. If you sign off, great. I understand a TAD of what you're experiencing. Yesterday I felt like crap. Did you every see the James Garner and Mary Tyler Moore movie ""Heart Sounds""? Garner is a cardiovascular patient who simply won't take care of himself. Mary is his wife. Garner has multiple heart attacks that render him childish, due to brain damage. There's a legendary scene where Mary is in a restaurant with her childish husband and senile mother, and they're both begging her to tell them what to order. Mary snaps and runs out of the restaurant. See, you didn't actually SIGN UP for being the leader of anything. So if you were to say, ""Goodbye and thanks for all the fish!"" I'd support you. I got a lot of grief on a music forum once when I said that I'd rather have Layne Staley alive and happy instead of dead and a great artist. I LOVE Staley's artistry. He's a unique vocalist. But I'd give up all his songs if it meant he could be alive and happy. So if YOU were to say, ""I'm tried of deranged people coming after me because I disagree with them,"" I myself would say, ""You GO, girl!"" No, I mean REALLY: Get the hell out of here. Who needs this? It doesn't MEAN anything, except, ""I'm tired of deranged people coming after me."" Let me tell you what happened to me today. I keep a window open so I can hear my brother's house. He's in Vegas, creating our dream home. Cats and possums are always in the leaves outside my window, crunching. So when I heard crunching, I didn't think anything about it. Then I heard WHISPERING. So I turned around and saw four heads in my window. Kids. When I stood up, they ran away. I went outside--through my secret passageway--and saw that it was a gang of eight, ranging in age from nine to 14. You know who they were? Travelers. Roving families of career criminals. Mom and Dad were in the van one street over. They were scoping me out. See, I'm old now, so the predators have me in their sights. Travelers home-invaded my parents in 2012. My brother and I caught them in the act. My elderly parents didn't know that there were two women IN THE HOUSE. We can all be honest here. I was going to shoot them, but my brother and father talked me out of it. Fair enough. Now the travelers are after me. They watch and wait. The cops told me that they target the elderly. I know they've been casing me for a while. That's why they sent the kids. They're ready to come in. I'm not afraid. The author of all things watches over me. And I'm very heavily armed. All of this is my way of saying whatever you do is fine with me. Follow your heart, and you'll never go wrong. And you MUST do the second season. It's going to make TV history. I'll be here to see it. ""It's always great to be underestimated."" --Donald John Trump. Travelers underestimate me. That means they're at a GREAT disadvantage. All will be well. I promise..."
" Journalistic malpractice. Now people are screeching about the Mandalay Bay security guard. An article in Spanish about him. The caption to the photo is unbelievable: ""The photo of Jesús Campos has not been released, but networks are circulating a supposed ""selfie"". Do you know how many Jesús Campos's there are in the world? THAT man is a VENEZUELAN. He's a Director of Rutaca Airlines! THE WRONG MAN, WRONG JOB, WRONG COUNTRY. ""This thing doesn't pass the smell test, I tells ya!"" Moronic. Prediction: ALL CONSPIRACY THEORISTS WILL BE MADE TO LOOK LIKE THE MENTAL PATIENTS THEY ARE. This is an open-and-shut case. And if I'm wrong, I'M WRONG. So what? But the odds that the government was somehow involved? ZERO. We may have begun the attack on North Korea. When the military and paramilitary forces of the US carry out clandestine operations, they leave no trace. The idea that Twitter detectives are ""breaking the case"" is beyond idiotic. They're just fanning the flames of insanity, proving themselves to be as irresponsible as the mainstream press."
" Ha. ""U.S. and Israeli officials said the joint understandings were reached in a secret meeting between senior Israeli and U.S. delegations at the White House on December 12th."" Scoop! Ahem. A song for the Iranian mullahs. A widow's walk is a platform on a roof that provides an unimpeded view of the ocean. You stand on the widow's walk...after the storm, waiting to see if your loved ones will return. But I knew that ship was empty By the time it hit the rocks, We could not hold on When fate became unruly. So consider me a widow, boys, And I have told you why. Does the weather say A better day is nearing? The Iranian ship is empty, and it's about to hit the rocks. A better day IS nearing..."
" The new Russian stealth fighter, the Su-57. It's garbage. The American F-35 is a REAL stealth fighter. The Russian Su-57 has MASSIVE square air intakes on the underside. That means the radar signature will look like this. The Russian air force has ordered...twelve Su-57s. Those square, gaping air intakes make it a sitting duck. What a bizarre era. Entire countries are playacting like children..."
" Hey, gun haters: See if you can figure out the problem here. Dillon Bud Calvin Steve was at an ATM in North Miami Beach. Look in the right background. This is Marcine Hill, age 17. Hill robbed Steve but dropped the wallet, cash, and cell phone. Steve ran after Hill. So Hill shot and killed Steve. Marcine Hill is 17. He's been arrested 15 times from the age of TEN. Petty theft, grand theft, burglary and robbery. See how the crimes escalated? Now Hill is on trial and will almost certainly be sentenced to life in prison. Dillon Bud Calvin Steve is DEAD, because the state of Florida refuses to punish dangerous juveniles. Sound familiar? This guy had a five-year history of escalating violence at his school. Nobody punished him. He went online and bragged that he was going to do things. He was filmed with one of his beloved pellet guns. And NOW, because the anti-gun crowd REFUSES to blame the people deserving of blame, we are going to have MORE school shootings. Kids are sending letters saying, ""I'm going to do what you did!"" The cops are already arresting people. THANKS, ANTI-GUN LUNATICS. LEFTISTS taught violent juveniles that NO CRIME had consequences. And now you're trying to go after ME, one of the most law-abiding people in the country. Not only will the latest anti-gun push FAIL, it's going to spawn MORE SCHOOL SHOOTINGS. All you kids out there? This is called the Law of Unintended Consequences. When you REFUSE to see the REAL problem, you will be unable to solve it. Stop politicizing mass murder. You're making everything WORSE..."
" supported the coup in Turkey. Both Erdogan and Gülen are leaders of Muslim personality cults. They were once allies who took over Turkey's police and intelligence. R. James Woolsey says that he ""walked in at the tail end of a conversation"" about kidnapping Gülen. Woolsey worked for Flynn Intel Group. Flynn is a spook. In 2016, there were two REAL leaks concerning Trump and the intelligence community. The REAL leaks stopped. Trump admitted it to the faces of the press. There's only one way to interpret that: Fake news is being deliberately leaked. When Flynn resigned, every story was different. That showed me that these stories were ""barium meals."" A barium meal identifies a leaker. Flynn also knew he was being recorded when he spoke to the Russian ambassador. So: This is an ongoing counter-espionage operation. It serves multiple purposes. Real leakers are identified and fired or demoted or transferred. The press is given horse manure to play with so that it doesn't interfere with REAL goings-on. And the Democrats get ""potential weak links"" who may turn on Trump at any second and cause him to be impeached. I would say that there isn't a chance in hell that did anything wrong, immoral, or illegal. Trump has not been the victim of a SINGLE major intelligence leak. Spooks are spooky. They do things that fool us. So that's how I view what's happening. I've seen no evidence of wrongdoing. None."
" Here's the problem: Peter Biskind is a former editor of Premiere magazine, which is now defunct. ""Biskind tells V.F. he did hear whispers about Weinstein’s alleged sexual misconduct."" “I would hear things occasionally, but they were rumors."" Liar. Sometime in the 1990s, Premiere published a cover story about the incredible sexual abuse of women in Hollywood. The article said that the majority of successful young actresses had to spend time as prostitutes. They were put up in apartments and given a salary. To get around this, they called the john ""my boyfriend."" Women were forced into sexual slavery overseas. They were highly PAID, but it was still sexual slavery. In order to work, they had to put out. There's no shortage of young women who want to be famous. Hundreds arrive in Hollywood daily. So the producers have the power to choose who makes it and who doesn't. One of the most disgusting films ever made is ""The Slums of Beverly Hills."" Natasha Lyonne was a piece of meat with breasts. The infamous dance scene. The Hollywood pig-men love lipstick lesbians. Don't get me wrong: If people want adult entertainment, there's a place for that in society. But it's become a form of insanity. Pornographers and feminists have reduced women to one organ. And REAL, LIVE WOMEN pay the price. Like so many other young actresses, Natasha Lyonne crashed and burned. ""Her character's confidence has made her start hitting on 'all things: men, women, inanimate objects.'"" At 36, she's still just an organ. An orifice. A ""train wreck trailblazer."" There's a deep hatred of women in Hollywood. Pig-men hate women, and women hate women. This is why I don't watch new movies. I know too much. Every now and then, I watch indie or foreign movies. But I don't give my money to The Pit. It appears to me that the exposure of Harvey Weinstein was a coordinated operation. Examples have to be made. Iran and Hezbollah were defeated in Syria. How? Their COMMANDERS were all killed. I stopped counting long ago. The Iranian terrorist Qassem Suleimani dodged death for thirty years. This is the last photo of him taken. He was killed in Syria in November of 2015. Not a single video of him has surfaced since then. The Iranians are PRETENDING he's alive, but he's dead. His location in Syria was a state secret. Somebody found him, killed him, and got away. We have a clue about how he was killed. Top Hezbollah commander Mustafa Badreddine was killed in Syria on May 13, 2016. Initially Hezbollah admitted that he was killed by the shock wave of an advanced weapon. ""A guided missile exploded several meters from Badreddine. The majority of his injuries were internal, caused by the blast shockwave."" We have video of such a weapon. The blast wave was DIRECTED STRAIGHT DOWN. It's a fuel-air explosive. No steels fragments are seen. Hezbollah commanders are still being bagged. This is from one week ago. The Gulf Cooperation Council and its allies began fighting in Syria in late 2015. They first got permission from the locals. The death toll in Syria in 2015 was 55,000. The death toll for 2017 is 7203. By targeting the commanders, you save lives. Harvey Weinstein is a Hollywood commander. Others will meet the same fate as Weinstein."
" Let me show you a man completely divorced from reality--deliberately so. ""Iran, Hezbollah and Taliban could help West fight Islamic State."" ""The Afghan Taliban is a parochial Pashtun organisation that poses no external threat to Australia or other Western countries."" Wait: Does September 11, 2001, ring a bell? The harmless Taliban let al-Qaeda run training camps in Afghanistan. Have they sworn off supporting Salafist terrorists? No. ""From a counter-terrorism perspective, Hezbollah is a useful contact, as it is violently opposed to Islamic State and has been fighting against its forces in Syria."" No. Hezbollah makes deals with the Islamic State. ""Shia Iran could be a useful regional ally against Sunni Islamic State and al-Qa’ida."" No. Iran supports both al-Qaeda and the Islamic State. In the Battle of Mosul, Iraqi troops found weapons and medical supplies that Iran-controlled Shia militias smuggled to the Islamic State. And Iran gives safe haven to al-Qaeda. WHY? The Algerian Strategy. In Algeria, the unpopular government helped its deadly enemy the Armed Islamic Group (GIA) become a massive threat in the 1990s. The GIA motto was ""No agreement, no truce, no dialogue."" All they did was kill. They killed entire villages in night raids, dumping the bodies in wells. At least 250,000 people were murdered. Finally the population turned to the government for salvation, and THEN the government fought the GIA and defeated it in 2004. The Algerian Strategy is this: ""Support ME or I'll create monsters who will murder you."" The mullahs are the figureheads of the ISLAMIC REVOLUTION. They will NEVER STOP FIGHTING THE WEST. There's only one reason that westerners make the ludicrous claim that we deal with the mullahs: Hatred of western culture. George Orwell wrote about this in World War II and in the postwar years. These people oppose all wars fought by western democracies, for any reason. You're being offered a false choice: Deal with the mullahs or have a massively destructive war. NO. I may be the only civilians on earth who has studied the new war-fighting strategies created by the Gulf Cooperation Council. So I can tell you that ALL WILL BE WELL. These are the smartest, most skilled warriors in human history. The key to peace is to wage war on MILITARY OBJECTS, not people. And you can wage war using ONLY ELECTRONIC WEAPONS. It's not necessary to lay waste to cities and create piles of corpses. The overwhelming majority of the damage you see in Yemen, Iraq, and Syria was caused by the locals fighting terrorists and each other. The GCC went to war only in late 2015. They use weapons, tactics, and strategies that DO NOT cause catastrophic damage. It's a new world. Old, stupid, crazy notions must now be ignored or ridiculed. The smartest people in the world are working on these problems. They care because it's THEIR PART OF THE WORLD. They don't need western mental patients giving them advice..."
" makes a point that allows me to talk about something that has infuriated me for years. Since the Vietnam War, former soldiers and men PRETENDING to be former soldiers have ""come forward"" to claim that they were ordered to commit atrocities. ""I shot women and children."" they say. And leftists applaud them for their courage. It doesn't matter that every single one of these accusers was exposed as a liar. This is the bigger point: Why do leftists embrace child-murderers? Members of the military are required by law to refuse orders to commit war crimes. Besides THAT, what would it take to make YOU murder children? Would you do it under any circumstances? Some of us know about military issues. Years ago, a fake soldier wrote a piece that had ""shock troops"" in the title. He spoke of his ""mind thoughts."" As opposed to his ""ass thoughts"" and ""chin thoughts."" He described the Bradley M2A2 as a ""tank."" It's NOT a tank. It's an ""infantry fighting vehicle"" (IFV). No soldier would call it a tank. In the Italian documentary ""Fallujah, The Hidden Massacre,"" they interviewed an NONCOMBATANT. As always. He called white phosphorus ""Whiskey Pete."" It's actually called ""Willie Pete."" He also referred to ""chain-gun missiles."" There's no such thing. A chain gun is an automatic weapon that using an EXTERNAL source of power to cycle the rounds. Most automatic weapons use the gas from the rounds to operate the machinery. The 30mm M230 chain gun of an AH-64 Apache attack helicopter. ELECTRICITY operates this weapon. Everyone knows what a missile is. The AGM-114 Hellfire. So let's recap: Liars smear actual combatants, misusing military terminology, but people BELIEVE the liars and laud them as heroes even though the liars claim to have murdered children. Don't ask me how anybody could do any of this. It's 100 percent evil..."
" This is why Trump faces an uphill battle. By letting the voters off the hook, you ENSURE that this will happen again. Let me tell you what you're doing: You've got lung cancer, so you're scrubbing your feet with Ajax cleansing powder. If you don't address the REAL issue--that people refuse to do their own research, refuse to think, and refuse to see the big picture--then you can't solve the problem. Why do you people watch TV? Why do you read the thoughts of people too mediocre or corrupt to grasp Donald Trump? I don't know what ANYBODY thinks about Roy Moore. What I DO know is that the most savage and dishonest political hit job in American history was REWARDED. And now you're making excuses for the people who REWARDED the Democrats. There was no reason for Doug Jones to win. The people who voted for him know full well that he's connected to the Clintons, who those voters hate. Alabama lost its mind. But Alabama KNOWS Roy Moore. I didn't know a THING about him, but I determined that he was innocent. It took me two days. There's NO EXCUSE for this outcome. It is a CATASTROPHIC FAILURE on the part of the voters. Those who rejected Roy Moore out of ""morality"" are themselves guilty of a MASSIVE injustice. If people were ACTUALLY MORAL, they would've researched the judge. But they didn't. That means they didn't actually CARE. They didn't agonize, ponder, or frantically try to find answers. I gave myself the worst brain fog of my life researching Roy Moore. The unbelievable, monstrous attack on him stressed me to the point near collapse. But the good church-goin' folks of Alabama DIDN'T EVEN CARE ENOUGH to look into the situation. It's a disgrace. The voters of Alabama are disgraceful. They REWARDED the hit job. My mind is boggled. Don't you people understand that when you reward evil, you get more of it? Or do you simply not care? Whatever. Stop bitching to me about media clowns and political clowns. The voters of Alabama--in all their fine morality--demolished an innocent man who is CLEARLY and OBVIOUSLY innocent. Hang your heads in shame for what you did..."
" Why are the Houthis of Yemen losing? BECAUSE THEY'RE CRAZY. That's a Hydroid Remus 600 autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV). The yellow color indicates that it's not military. Click ""Applications."" The military version is gray. BECAUSE GRAY IS HARDER TO SEE! Why would you paint a ""spy submarine"" BRIGHT YELLOW? These people are imbeciles. All they do is get high and rave about how much they hate the US and Jews. And they NEVER SHUT UP. They even chew leaves while underwater, like manatees. ""Death to the yellow submarine!"" ADDENDUM: Breaking! The Houthis have captured ANOTHER American spy submarine! "
" An Iranian said that because of a tweet I sent in November of 2015, he can't trust my prediction of no war in Iran. I sent that tweet before the Battle of Tishrin Dam. Here's Tishrin Dam in Syria. There's no cover anywhere. The Islamic State had taken the dam and heavily booby trapped it with explosives. The Syrian Democratic Forces took the dam in broad daylight. None of the booby traps were set off, but there was an incredible firefight from the top of the powerhouse to the bottom. Every single door in the entire structure was blown off. The attack took place at midday. The terrorists were eating lunch. A gunship shot the hell out of the place. The US did not take part in the assault. But we can see missile strikes. At the end of this video, we hear some form of automatic cannon, but it isn't an American GAU-7 Avenger on a Republic Fairchild A-10 Thunderbolt II. This happened on December 26, 2015. YouTube deleted the account of Anha News, so multiple videos about Tishrin are gone. At Tishrin, a massive assault was carried out in broad daylight, yet it wasn't videotaped by a single Kurdish fighter. Somebody confiscated all their cell phones. December of 2015 was a lifetime ago. I had NO IDEA about ANYTHING at that time, compared to what I know now. And guess what? The true story of Tishrin Dam never leaked. We STILL don't know how the hell the booby traps were overcome and how a surprise assault was carried out in the middle of the day in a place with no cover anywhere. Tishrin Dam was a purely military operation. The terrorists were all killed. That's NOT what will happen in Iran. In November of 2015, I didn't KNOW about the capabilities of the Gulf Cooperation Council. I've learned about them only by studying open sources for YEARS. But all YOU need to know is that an attack on Iran would FAIL. The US could send in the B-52s at any time. Why haven't we done that? Because it would REPEAT the disaster of Iraq. In Yemen, the Coalition broke out of Aden on August 4, 2015. Troops made a lightning advance up from Aden and down from Saudi Arabia. They stopped HERE. Marib. The Coalition then spent more than TWO YEARS preparing the battlefield. As of TODAY, there are 19 simultaneous ground offensives being carried out. In November of 2015, I didn't know about strategic commandos and the Second Revolution in Military Affairs (2RMA). And in November of 2015, I didn't know about ""combined arms micro teams."" It's not necessary for me to convince people of anything. Events will take place whether you believe in them or not. In November of 2015, I was a virtual baby int terms of what I knew about this. But here's some information that no other person has figured out. This is a turboprop gunship with TWO automatic cannons. That's why you hear a galloping sound. That video dates from December of 2015. All the ""experts"" said it was an American AC-130 gunship. No. The US does not have any gunships with two automatic cannons. Do you know who DOES? Two simultaneous impacts means two automatic cannons. There's no doubt. Nobody in the world of military ""experts"" knonws that the Saudis have AC-130 gunships. They BUILT THEIR OWN. In November of 2015, I was only guessing. Now I have 2.5 years' worth of EVIDENCE to support my predictions..."
" At the end of Trump's second term, we're going to be a completely different country. But it won't be change imposed from the top down. It'll be the country and its citizens finally living up to our potential. As always, the military is leading the way. The best of us are the ones who serve. They've already adapted. It was painless. When our society is unleashed, we'll be like the military. Fully living up to our potential."
" I've said for a long time that leftists are motivated 100 percent by a childish desire to anger conservatives. Now GOVERNORS are getting into the act. I live in Southern California...for now. After thirty years, at the age of 55, I'm starting all over in Las Vegas, Nevada. I'm undertaking this VERY difficult step for one reason: The government of California is not sane. My quality of life diminished to the point that I have to leave. I live in a ""sanctuary city."" Sanctuary for career criminals. We had to take neighbors to court over their barking dogs and their endless parties. None of these people speak English, and they all have aliases. You know how we got to semi-cooperate? By scaring the hell out of them. They're afraid of us because we made them think we're dangerously insane. We recorded their dogs barking, set up loudspeakers, and played it back to them. We stood on the roof and watched them silently for hours. I mean, for HOURS. We stood motionless, wearing dark glasses. It worked only partially. These people are not capable of living in civilization. They're CAPABLE, but they choose to NOT be civilized. So I'm leaving California. In order to piss off conservatives, Californians are destroying themselves. That isn't sane. I've had my fill of craziness. The problem with crazy people is that they get worse. Crazy people don't plateau. They keep degrading until they're off their rockers all the time. That's California. Here's what Californians don't understand: These are all LAGGING INDICATORS. The worst is yet to come, NO MATTER WHAT. If the government became conservative tomorrow, California is STILL going to experience at least a decade of Mexico-style dystopia. Dystopia = a society in which EVERYTHING is horrible. Don't forget: California has almost $1 trillion in unfunded government pension mandates. There's no way those pension obligations will ever be met. So the state is going to undertake draconian belt-tightening. My city now has THREE police cars. The LA Country Sheriff's Department is doing all the work now. And it's impossible to get any help. is a perfect Californian. Here's what California is already doing. They don't hold multiple offenders, because that's racist. Did you hear about this? These are street criminals. The Bloods and the Crips. NOTHING will stop them, because there are no repercussions. They're making as much as $50,000 A DAY by burglarizing the wealthy. Alarms mean nothing. You need armed guards AT THE HOME AT ALL TIMES. In Brentwood and Beverly Hills. Dystopia. California solved the problem of skyrocketing crime by simply not recording it anymore. The state is not sane. All in the name of pissing off conservatives. So I'm out of here. We decided to have ALL the work done on our new house before I move in, so it won't be for months yet. But. My brother says the house is perfect. We have neighbor who started collecting roosters AFTER we bought the house. He has no idea what he's up against. He needs to take his fat ass and his roosters to California, where insane people celebrate decrepitude, garbage, and lawlessness. So say goodbye to California. It's done..."
" This WAS war. Then the Gulf Cooperation Council invented a new form of warfare. The GCC wages war on MILITARY OBJECTS, not people. Even most combatants are spared. How many wars did Europe fight AFTER World War II? Here are a few. These don't include the wars that Europeans fought OUTSIDE of Europe. In the Algerian War of Independence (1954-1962), you can't say that the French held back. The French used mass summary executions, collective punishment, torture, the taking and murdering of hostages, concentration camps, artillery barrages on civilians, area bombing of civilians... The French still lost. Years ago, an Iranian mullah said that it would be worth killing EVERY IRANIAN in order to wipe out Israel, because Islam would survive. Oh, I forgot! The Nazi Wehrwolf movement in postwar Germany. It was an insurgency similar to all modern insurgencies. Are you aware of how the Allies responded? We leveled entire villages. We took hostages and shot them. The British used the GUILLOTINE on hostages. We played RIGHT INTO THE HANDS of the Wehrwolf movement. You know what STOPPED the Wehrwolf movement? The Germans ended the de-Nazification program. Nazis came back to Germany and lived openly. Since World War II, the Germans have been revising history. NOW they say THEY were victims, because nobody was ever bombed as much as Germany. The biggest lie ever told is that Dresden had no military value. It was a transportation hub, and it had mom-and-pop war industries throughout the city. So it was bombed flat. You want to know how we did it? We dropped high-explosive bombs to tear open the houses, and then we dropped incendiary bombs to set the contents on fire. Then we waited, and we sent in a SECOND wave of bombers to kill all the firefighters and medical first responders. THAT is how war was fought. Do you like it? I don't. The Gulf Cooperation Council has invented a new form of warfare: The GCC has made war FUTILE. British General Orde Wingate invented the idea of mass infiltration behind enemy lines. He was eighty years ahead of his time. The technology of World War II was simply not up to the task. What happened was that the GCC and Israel formed a secret alliance. The GCC funded Israeli weapon development, producing weapons fifty years ahead of those that anybody else has. I base this on combat videos that show weapons I can't explain. AND the GCC invented the ""strategic special force."" Imagine Green Berets with tanks, artillery, gunships, air power, and naval capabilities. The writer William Goldman said something years ago that always stayed with me: In a basketball game, if you want to keep the opponent from scoring, you don't have to knock him down. You just bump his elbow, and he'll miss. But you need to be MASSIVELY well trained in order to bump the elbow at exactly the right time. The new warfare that the GCC invented is basically bumping the elbow of a basketball player trying to throw the ball through the hoop. It would've been much EASIER for the GCC to simply create monstrously destructive weapons. But they decided that they're going to make WAR obsolete. THAT'S what will make people stop going to war. If your brother is killed, you'll go to war to get revenge. But if your brother simply can't score any points in basketball, YOU'LL STOP. This is pure genius. We're talking masters of human psychology. Arabs INVENTED much of the science that the western world uses. And now, Arabs are returning to their roots. Some people have to be killed, but most people don't. So war is becoming LESS destructive but MORE lethal. Thank the Arabs for finding the key to peace..."
" A point about Saudi Arabia that should be emphasized. Saudi Arabia is an absolute monarchy. In other words, the king is the law. There are three armed forces in Saudi Arabia: The military (Ministry of Defense). The Internal Security Forces (Ministry of the Interior). The Saudi Arabian National Guard (The Ministry of the SANG). The SANG existed to protect the House of Saud from coups. It was kept separate from the two other armed forces. In about 2003, the Saudis integrated all three armed forces, in the sense that they all train together now and share communications systems. In other words, there could be a coup at any second. What the royal family decided was that they would essentially throw themselves on the mercy of the armed forces. This is actually another brilliant move. The Saudis understand a natural law: The better the soldier, the more humane. By training their armed forces to such a high level, the Saudis accomplished several things simultaneously. They made sure there WOULDN'T be a coup, because a coup can now happen at any time. The armed forces could step in whenever they want. It's just like in the US. We could have a coup at any time. But we won't. In fact our armed forces would unite AGAINST a coup. But having such well-trained troops means that future Saudi rulers can't backslide. Humane troops hate oppression. I predict that Saudi Arabia will become a constitutional monarchy, either formally or in everything but name. VERY few people can handle absolute power, so the future of the country depends on power sharing. The reason Iran and Turkey have had so many problems is that the leaders imposed secularism by force, violently. It was only a matter of time before the countries reverted. It appears that the Saudis will create a federation, in which the states choose their own religious laws. The new community NEOM is being built AWAY from Riyadh. Thus the religious can continue their lives without being forced into anything. The only way all of this was able to happen was through the election of an American president who agreed to HELP rather than give orders. By the time Trump finishes his second term, all the changes in the Middle East will set in stone. And that means we can't go in and create problems anymore. EVEN TODAY, at this very second, which geopolitical and military ""experts"" are talking about ARABS? It's all about what the US has to do. Garbage. Ridiculous. Our role should be to help if asked and to provide momentum by throwing our weight behind various issues. But that's as far as we should go. The locals know best. They're proving it every day. And FINALLY we have a president and a cabinet who accept that the locals know best..."
" You're being told that these videos show the IRGC and the Basij firing on the protesters. IT'S A LIE. The first video shows clearly that the firing is one or more streets over. Somebody is firing a .50-caliber semiautomatic rifle. That's the ""ka-TUNK, ka-TUNK, ka-TUNK"" sound Do you see any panic among the protesters? No. In the second video, you can see a MUZZLE BLAST coming from the protesters. The protesters are screaming in HAPPINESS. I WILL NOT HOLD EVERYBODY'S HAND THROUGH THIS. If you're afraid, DON'T TELL ME ABOUT IT. There's currently an organized campaign on social media to make you think that the protesters are losing, and that they're supported by terrorists. Americans have simply LOST THEIR BALLS. And that goes for women too. We have the president, vice president, and UN ambassador saying in plain language that this is regime change, but YOU PANIC when you read a tweet. Panic all you want, but DON'T bring it to me. I'm not going to spend all my time debunking regime propaganda. So are we clear now? What will be, will be. Panicking won't change anything, so keep it to yourself..."
" My favorite story about Chechens and their downfall at the hands of Americans. During the First Battle of Grozny ( 31 December 1994 – 8 February 1995), the Chechens destroyed two Russian armored brigades. Chechen hunter-killer teams of one rocket-propelled grenade gunner, one machine gunner, and one rifleman wiped out the Russians. The Russians have NEVER learned to provide infantry support for their armored vehicles. So the Russians were sitting ducks. Footage show piles of corpses three feet high. It's likely that over 12,000 Russians were killed, but the true figure may be 25,000. In two months. The Chechens wanted to tell the world what they'd done, so the US Marine Corps sent intelligence officers to interview them. The report was filed away. Fast forward ten years. Second Battle of Fallujah, Iraq. Al-Qaeda announced that the Chechen superstars were coming. So the US Marines dusted off the intelligence report from 1995, and lo and behold they had the terrorist battle plan. In the Us-Iraqi attack on Fallujah, the Marines rewrote doctrine for the use of main battle tanks in urban combat. They wiped out the Chechens, and we've been using tanks in urban combat ever since. The Second Battle of Fallujah in 2004 was the LAST TIME that any terrorists in the entire world stood and fought American troops. Since Fallujah, it's been nothing but ambushes..."
" So just HOW effed is Assad? Well, first the Syrians said that the US attacked the T4 Air Base in Homs. Then the Syrians and Russians said it was an Israeli air strike. In reality it was a commando raid. Here's the multi-engine jet transport flying low over the Bekaa Valley in Lebanon. You can hear the fans in the engines. TODAY we have at least three incidents. ""Controlled explosions."" Yes. But not controlled by Hezbollah and Iran Then we have two more attacks, but the information is totally garbled. Assad, the mullahs, Putin, and Hezbollah have no idea what's happening. Everything's blowing up, and they can't determine who or what is doing it. The endgame is in sight. Here's what you can take to the bank: The Gulf Cooperation Council is inflicting FAR MORE DAMAGE than anybody will admit. Assad helpfully gives cover to the GCC by lying every time he's attacked. Yoko Ono used to have lots of parties. Instead of cleaning the furniture before a party, she would pin a note on the sofa that said, ""This sofa is not here."" So nobody sat on it. Assad is telling the world that his dirty sofas are not here. GOOD. That's the trick, Bashar. PRETEND your way out of this..."
" I'll address the latest Explosive Diarrhea Hair On Fire moment and then take a a break from Twitter. It's about 400 people. A handful entered the US. And they were caught. ""Rodney S. Scott, chief patrol agent at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, condemned members of the Central American caravan and accused them of having..."" ""'Illegally entered the United States without immigration documents by climbing over the dilapidated scrap metal border fence on either side of the San Ysidro Port of Entry.'"" ""He lambasted the caravaners who are mothers for putting themselves and their children in peril to traverse 'illegally through a dark, treacherous canyon that is notorious for human and drug-smuggling.'"" You're all getting explosive diarrhea for nothing. I'm sick of having to talk sense into people. It makes me hate Twitter. The caravan is backfiring, AND it's distraction from what Trump is doing in other places. You people with explosive diarrhea are no different than Bill Krystol. What you want is permanent failure. ""Where are the troops? Send troops! I want troops or I'll squirt diarrhea on you!"" Go ahead. I don't care. There's no learning curve. Hysteria is the new normal. Let psychopaths and leftists in disguise mislead you. Never learn to think for yourself. ""I have diarrhea, and I'm proud of it!"" Excellent. And now, if you'll excuse me, I need to take a break from you. I leave you to your explosive diarrhea..."
" When I was an electric bassist, people ATTACKED me for using a pick or plectrum. A bass MUST be played with the fingers. Using a pick is WRONG. This guy fixed their wagons. He used a pick on a DOUBLE BASS. If you say ""I like THIS bassist,"" you get attacked as if you'd called somebody's wife the C-word. Demented. That's why I backed out of all of it. These people totally ruined the experience. I'll tell you who I blame: THIS son of a bitch. He's bitter that his genius was never recognized. Well, his playing is as cold as ice. The only good thing he ever did is the riff that he totally disavows. You hear it at the beginning. I was assigned to interview him, and he refused. He'd only do the interview with a DIFFERENT writer, and he demanded the cover as a condition. All he's ever done is lecture and bitch. I never understood the need to tell OTHERS what to like. One of the best electric bassists in history is the virtually unknown Scott Thunes (TOO-niss), who played for Frank Zappa. He's a classically trained punk rocker. And he uses only a pick. This is one of the greatest bass lines of all times. The reason Thunes is looked down on is that he uses a pick. But can you argue with the results? I saw him play from a distance of about four feet. Easily the most technically adept bassist I've ever seen. He never plays the same line the same way twice, and he never screws up. But he uses a pick, so he SUCKS! And I have to AGREE that he sucks, or else I suck too. Okay, then I choose to suck..."
" The anti-gun crowd doesn't give the slightest damn about ACTUAL gun-crime statistics. The reality is that MOST murder victims--whether by gun or any other weapon--knew their killer. A majority of male gun-crime victims are themselves criminals. A majority of female gun-crime victims are killed in domestic-violence cases. Leftists care only about mass shootings because they're headline grabbers. BUT they're STILL lying. They stopped talking about Las Vegas. On the part of politicians, this is about getting reelected. On the part of social-media freaks, it's about venting spleen. The only people who ACTUALLY CARE about the dead--besides their families and friends--are the very people who leftists hate. The politicizing of these atrocities is now so pro forma and gleeful that it's backfiring immensely. But leftists are preparing for the worst three years of their history. They're on autopilot. The worse things get for totalitarians, the MORE damage their do their cause. It's a natural law. The Saudis have saved their country by LOOSENING control. That freedom will spread throughout the region in an organic way, since it was chosen by the locals. As the kingdom of SAUDI ARABIA institutes earth-shaking reforms, our leftists go full Stalinist. That which has no ability to survive, won't. The Democrats are exterminating THEMSELVES. Ha."
" Let's go over this again. In October of 2015, the Iraqis began winning all their battles. By the end of 2017, they had troops who ALONE could destroy entire terrorist strongholds. A soldier with an M203 grenade launcher killed everyone in his path, allowing the advance to continue. He was able to drop the grenades down into underground structures. An unarmed ""intelligence source"" guided the Iraqis. (I'm blocking all smartasses. Be a smartass at your own risk.) Before October of 2015, several Iraqi generals were killed by suicide bombers. AFTER October of 2015, Iraqi generals walked the streets of the battlefields, one block over from the fighting. The Iraqis didn't lose a single general. Now, imagine how hard it was to protect generals ONE BLOCK OVER FROM THE FIGHTING. Here's what the Islamic State did: The Islamic State sent up quadcopters. When they spotted officers, the terrorists would saturate the area with mortar fire. It didn't work ONCE. The men protecting the officers have ways of defeating this tactic. THAT is on a battlefield, with things changing second by second. Don't you you think a PALACE is more efficiently protected than a BATTLEFIELD? Here's what you you do when someone tells you that a coup is underway. You go to Google, and you put in ""Saudi Arabia news."" You DON'T send ME this bullshit and gloat or screech. That's how children act. How serious are the people who protect leaders? Well, THIS bodyguard in tan is armed with hand grenades. You can see them on his belt. In the background is an Iraqi air force officer wearing dark glasses and gray coveralls. He's a joint terminal attack controller (JTAC). He's ready to call in an AIR STRIKE if necessary. On the left, the JTAC introduces a heavily armored ""civilian"" to the bodyguard. You can see that the bodyguard has a LIVE HAND GRENADE in his left hand Then the bodyguard gives a Pakistani or Indian naval salute (palm outward) to the JTAC before shaking his hand. The bodyguard is a Pakistani or Indian naval commando. Again, all of this took place a block over from the fighting. It happened over and over and over. THEY KNOW WHAT THEY'RE DOING. So YOU can panic and spread lies, but don't include ME. First, go to Google and LOOK UP THE STORY. If you don't find anything, WAIT. Don't race to be the first one to tell me the bad news. You'll ALWAYS be wrong, and you'll piss me off. When you piss me off, I block you. Time to start showing some DISCIPLINE..."
" This is utterly laughable. It's called ""Appeal to False Authority."" It doesn't matter what a paid ""expert"" says, especially when the newspaper is arguing in bad faith. What does the Washington Post NEGLECT to tell you? Roy Moore was never accused of these things in over forty years of making such powerful enemies that they drove him from the country. It doesn't MATTER what the accusers say and what the ""experts"" say. This is a man with ZERO HISTORY of this sort of thing. THIS accuser's story completely falls apart. She was too young to work at the restaurant, she would not have served the judge, regular customers NEVER saw the judge, and the accuser got the geography totally wrong. Allred won't allow Moore's team to examine the yearbook. Why is that? The story is 100 percent false. All you need to do is watch the press conference. The accuser calls Roy Moore the ""District Attorney"" multiple times. She's never met him in her life. Roy Moore didn't rate a single newspaper article in 1977. He was NOT The Most Famous Man in Gadsden. This is the most abominable political hit job in American history. It's unconscionable. Roy Moore became a victim of the mob for one reason only: People dislike him PERSONALLY. I don't get that. I disagree with the judge, but researching him made me like him immensely. I also watched a very long campaign appearance. He's an extremely likable man. People dislike him because of PARTISAN POLITICS. That's why they're pushing the ""Fake but accurate"" narrative again. You're not required to believe accusers. Go with your gut. Would a man known as ""Captain America"" in the armed forces become an out-of-control ape from 1977 to 1982 and then regain control of himself? The accusations are CHILDISHLY STUPID. If Roy Moore dated only teenagers, where are the ones who thought it was all hunky dory? Moore didn't marry until he was 41 years old. That's a LOT of dating. We have a five-year period during which he ""preyed on"" young women in schools, his office, at basketball games, at the mall, and at restaurants. What about before and after? Did he wear a chastity belt? This is all too stupid for words. It's LEFTIST DRIVEL. And I don't believe any of it. Period..."
" So ridiculous. Nauseating. Trump the Toddler who can't defend himself against the Super Perfect Deep State. How many times have we heard this? Literally NOTHING these people predict has come true. ""Trump won't be elected!"" Wrong. Look who PUT IN WRITING that Trump would win. ""The recount will cost him the election!"" Wrong. Trump had a mole who deliberately gave Soros and Jill Stein the wrong date. But even THAT brilliance wasn't the REAL story. Here's the REAL story. Michigan certified the electoral votes BEFORE the recount, meaning that Trump got to 270 while distracting over Wisconsin AND having his mole give Soros and Stein the wrong date for Pennsylvania. The deadline for receiving the certified electoral votes was December 28, 2016. Michigan did it even BEFORE November 28, 2016. Nobody is sure exactly when. And then remember how the Intelligence Community wouldn't let Trump be sworn in? He'd insulted them, AND YOU DON'T SURVIVE THAT! And then Antifia was going to prevent Inauguration Day from happening outdoors. Thousands of US troops came in for ""ceremonial purposes,"" and the entire Mall was put off limits. And yet TO THIS DAY, it's Trump the Toddler, cluelessly bumbling his way through his presidency as BLOGGERS and TV PERSONALITIES tell him how to do his job. Repulsive. No faith whatsoever. You're watching Trump dismantle the Democratic party, but all we hear about is fear and traps and the unbeatable Deep State. Craziness. I'll be back tomorrow, maybe. But probably not..."
" How Twitter works. My account was limited because I quoted a Jew-hater's words back at him. I appealed, pointing out that it wasn't possible for me to be engaging in ""hateful conduct"" when I was DEFENDING THE JEWISH PEOPLE at the time. This is the response I got. After my account was restored, I got this tweet. I'm very open about the fact that I take medication for PTSD. Here's one of the things that happened to me when I was a child. I'm the guy in the shell hole. The tweet didn't bother me, because after you've had someone's brains get blown into your mouth, insults are meaningless. But I did an experiment. I reported the tweet, pointing out that the sender KNEW that I suffer from PTSD, and Twitter Rules prohibit harassment based on disability. Here's the response I got. I would've been shocked out of my mind if Twitter had applied the same standards to a leftist as it did to a Trump supporter. Here's the fatal flaw in leftism: All they know how to do is MORE. I always use Madonna as the best example. Her career is finally cratering, after the longest, most miraculous run in history. The REASON her career finally cratered is that she didn't do the SMART thing: the unexpected. If Madonna had changed her attire and begun singing torch songs, she could've performed into her eighties, like Keely Smith did. But committed leftists will NEVER surprise you. They always have double standards, they always lie, and they always hate. So Twitter PROMOTES ""hateful conduct"" if the target has double-plus ungood thoughts. Those of us who support Trump DESERVE to be harassed for our disabilities. You know what THIS tweet is reference to? Defending Roy Moore against mob action. THAT is ""polluting the realm of reasonable discourse."" Opposing inhuman rabidness is polluting the realm of reasonable discourse. You wouldn't believe how many people lectured me about defending Roy Moore. F*ck you all. I didn't even agree with him. MORALITY means doing the right thing ALWAYS, regardless of what the other person thinks. And then I got THIS tweet. Leftists ACTUALLY BELIEVE that it's ""fair"" to criticize others for doing the right thing. So FINALLY I'm where is. And I KNOW he feels this way, because he's a DEEPLY moral person: BURN IT DOWN. An ideology that promotes situational ethics is POISON. It's CANCER. President Trump is a realist. He doesn't take things personally. And he's been in the lions' den for decades. So he knew long ago what had to be done. Don't kid yourself: NOTHING fell into Trump's lap. This was all planned. Is he REALLY that smart? You bet. He gamed this all out years ago. what I admire about President Trump is his ability to make earth-shaking decisions and then move on to the next issue. And I know his thinking: ""Nobody MADE you guys do this stuff. Blames yourselves."" The reason I wasn't quite there was that I thought that leftists would expel a final jet of intestinal-oral gas and then face reality. But they won't. They are DISEASED. They can't be saved. So we move on to Option B. Total destruction. It has to be done. Make it happen, Mr. President. "
" has been talking about soldiers who use empathy and persuasion. Prior to October of 2015, I was convinced that it would take a massively violent war to overthrow the Iranian mullahs. NOW, I 'm convinced that the overthrow will happen almost bloodlessly. There's no doubt that Iranian commanders have been killed in Syria. I stopped counting a long time ago. These men were evil bastards. They killed plenty of Iranian dissidents, and they killed fellow Shia to blame on Sunnis. So some people have to die. They can't be rehabilitated. Qassem Suleimani was one. Commandos of the Gulf Cooperation Council killed him in Syria in November of 2015. The GCC didn't begin major combat operations against anyone until 2015. In Syria, it was November of 2015. What was the GCC doing BEFORE November of 2015? Infiltrating and disguising itself. Prior to November of 2015, the Iranians used the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) domestically. The Quds Force--a unit within the IRGC--was used for combat missions outside of Iran. I say ""combat,"" but it was terrorism. The Quds Force was nearly wiped out in Syria. It took so many casualties that the IRGC and the Basij--paramilitary goons--were sent. Neither the IRGC nor the Basij are trained in irregular warfare. So these guys were demoralized to the point of uselessness. The Iranians created the Syrian National Defense Forces, which are Syrian Basij, and Hezbollah was brought in. Iraqis, Afghans, and Thais were brought in. The Syrian Arab Army completely deserted. The men you see ""fighting"" are actually members of private armies. Why couldn't Assad and Iran and Putin get men who would fight? This is my theory: Imagine you're an Iranian. You've been sent to Syria. You weren't trained to fight an insurgency. So one night maybe you get drunk and you say to the Syrian guy next to you, ""I don't know about this."" It's hard to keep track of who is who in Syria. So you blurt out your misery. And the guy you're talking to says, ""Mahmoud, we've prayed together, right? We've fought together. We hate these jihadist bastards."" ""Guess what, Mahmoud? I'm Saudi. My life is now in your hands. I'm here to liberate Syria. I can help you liberate Iran too."" Think it can't happen? This man infiltrates Islamic State lines and walks among terrorists, posing as one of them. He's a Saudi. He's a commando. And the GCC did the same thing to Assad, Hezbollah, and the Iranians. Iran's former puppet Moqtada al-Sadr went to Saudi Arabia and virtually declared peace. Shia Muslims make up only 10 percent of the religion. Salafist terrorists want to EXTERMINATE the Shia. What if the GCC were able to persuade the Shia that they faced no threat, and the GCC would protect them? I believe that's what happening. The Kurds lost Kirkuk without a fight. There was virtually no bloodshed. At the proper time, the Iranians will rise up, the GCC will help them, and the mullahs will be overthrown without major bloodshed. I say this ONLY AFTER studying the Middle East wars for two years. It's not pie in the sky. So I'm very optimistic. Peace is on its way. Guaranteed..."
" Here's something we need to settle once and for all. Pay attention. I don't care if you agree or disagree with me. I spent a FULL YEAR tracking down all the research into the weapons I talk about. Every single person telling me I'm wrong? You did NOT spend a full year tracking down the research into the weapons I talk about. So don't TELL ME I'm wrong. If you DO, then I will humiliate you by testing you. You won't be able to find the answers. Why not? Because they're not in English. They're in Hebrew, Chinese, Japanese, and Russian. But I'll ask you the question in English, and if you Google it, you'll come up empty. And THEN where will you be? I'm not competitive. This isn't showing off. If you're threatened by what I write, I DON'T CARE. Do not tell me I'm wrong. YOU are wrong. I'm right; you're wrong. Therefore, REFRAIN from confronting me. If you confront me, I will make you look like a jackass. Form an I Hate Thomas Wictor Club and have hourly meetings. But leave ME out of it. I'm not here to debate people who lack the knowledge that I have. I LEARNED this stuff. It took EFFORT. So do not waste my time with your uninformed opinions. Asking questions is not the same as, ""You're wrong, man! I wish I knew how to quit you!"" Go and rant to like-minded people. Shoo..."
" Three targets were hit with 105 cruise missiles. There were a laboratory and two storage depots for chemical weapons. The video and still photos show that the targets were obliterated. BUT. posts long threads on developments in Iran. His sources tell him that 40+ Hezbollah, 35+ Syrians, and 16+ Iranian Quds Force were also killed. Multiple news sources reported that theses groups fled their positions before the air strikes. I believe that the air strikes were REAL, but they were also cover for commando action by the Gulf Cooperation Council. The battle damage assessment (BDA) of the ""Israeli air strike"" on the T4 base shows that gun trucks on the ground were responsible for the destruction. This is a multi-engine jet flying over Lebanon into Syria right before the T4 raid. The GCC uses Boeing C-17 Globemaster transports, which are specially designed as assault aircraft. They can dive out of the sky at a rate of descent 10 times faster than an airliner. And the assault or tactical landing allows the aircraft to come to a dead stop. This is what happened at T4. The American, British, and French strikes served three purposes: One, they got rid of much of Assad's capabilities. Two, they showed that Trump will carry out actions in the name of the international community. And three, they gave cover for GCC commando action. The commandos either captured or killed around 120 high-value Syrian, Iranian, and Hezbollah targets. The GCC is running this war. We're only supporting, which is as it should be, given our record of screwing up things in the Middle East. By mid-2017, the Saudi were fighting SIX wars simultaneously. Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Libya, the African Sahel, and South America. They've trained AT LEAST 350,000 strategic commandos. The world used 10,000 special-operation troops in Operation Iraqi Freedom Phase I. It's likely that the Saudis have trained as many as 500,000 strategic commandos. They fight in ""combined arms micro teams"" of one tank, one gunship, one fixed-wing aircraft, one infantry quad, one antitank squad, and one sniper squad. They can add other elements: one self-propelled artilley piece, one mortar squad, etc. If the infantry travels in gun trucks, you have a platoon with the firepower of a regiment. They also have new weapons that are totally unknown. So don't look at the air strikes as the be-all and end-all. They were REAL, but they were also military deception..."
" First we had THIS: Then we had THIS: All you whining, blubbering, slack-jawed, weak-kneed GNATS need to buck the f*ck up. STOP READING THE GHOULS. They're always wrong. You're all becoming a case study in mass hypnotism. Not ONE of these ghouls gives a DAMN about you. Now, you PISS ME OFF. But I'm trying to save you from yourselves. Unlike those other bastards. So STOP READING GHOULS. Or if you read them, STOP BELIEVING THEM. I read a lot of the ghouls. Do you see me repeating their bullshit? NO. THEY ARE ALWAYS WRONG. They're BLOGGERS. They know NOTHING. So knock this crap OFF. Am I getting through to you...?"
" It's funny how two different people view the same thing. Trump tweeted about a ""witch hunt."" So the phrase was picked up. But Trump was ""Raving Donald"" when he said that. Here's the soft center to all the rage about Mueller and Rosenstein: Trump can fire them at any time. He hasn't. Gowdy says he's not worried about Mueller giving Trump a fair shake, and then he says that Russia investigation has ""wandered."" You know where Mueller has ""wandered"" into? Investigating the FISA process. Here's Gowdy's face where he says that Rosenstein authorized Mueller to investigate FISA abuses. Rosenstein specializes in putting corrupt government officials in jail. He knows all the tricks they use to cover their trails. Fox reported THIS today. Obama said he wasn't interfering in any FBI investigation, so this text is problematic. What you need to understand is that Mueller and Rosenstein are reverse engineering the FISA abuse. They didn't stumble across this. They were told that it was happening. But in order to make ironclad cases, they have to start at the bottom and work their way up. They have to show WHY they investigated this or that person. A good lawyer just has to say, ""Mueller had it in for my client from the beginning! It was a witch hunt for...balding males with mustaches!"" And then the jury says, ""Duh? Oh! Duh! That double-plus ungood! We not like!"" Remember when NSA Director Rogers said he ""became aware"" of FISA abuse in early 2016? There was a secret FISC order that determined that MAJOR problems with the FISA program went back to at least 2011. Someone spilled the beans on all this. Everything you're seeing now is part of a plan that Trump formulated before he even ran for president. I wouldn't be surprised if Trump himself pushed the Russia collusion story in order to get a special counsel who would then expose all of this. For whatever reason people tell you every day that Trump is not in control. That's ridiculous. Trump ORCHESTRATED everything that's now happening. None of this is by accident. Rosenstein gave Muller wide latitude IN ORDER TO STOP THE FISA ABUSE. And don't tell me about Rosenstein threatening the House Intelligence Committee. That would grounds for Trump firing him. Trump hasn't fired him, and we're told that he has no plans to fire him. There's no reason to be upset about all this. They're dismantling the FISA-abuse network. You should be happy..."
" Tough love for Lexi. I said this letter was fake. The entire town of Whitehall decided to make this infantile molehill into Mount Everest. Pearl Harbor in Whitehall! ""Whitehall police Chief Michael Marks said he has never seen a letter so offensive in his 20 years in police work."" Michael Marks is a disgrace to his uniform. Either that, or he was a meter maid for twenty years. The person who POSTED the letter is a mess. The mother told the newspaper this: I just got ten e-mails from a person claiming to be the mother, but she messed up. So as I said, LEXI posted the letter. Hi, Lexi! And then guess what happened? THE WHOLE FRIGGING TOWN DECIDED TO EXPLOIT IT FOR POLITICAL REASONS. These are partisan LUNATICS. Lexis did it for attention. The other are trying to destroy our society. Read the article. It's the most pathetic overreach ever published. Are black people sick of being political props? That FAKE letter caused a city wide emergency in Whitehall. It was like that ridiculous Air force Academy general. ""There's no place for you here! Hot-cha-cha-cha-cha!"" THIS IS VAUDEVILLE. It's Vaudeville and minstrel shows. ""Who dat boy? Who him is?"" When I lived in Texas in 1972, white racists talked like that to MOCK BLACK PEOPLE. Now black people are doing it to themselves. Could the Ku Klux Klan do a better job than Democrats, Lexi, and black people when it comes to keeping black people down? It's time for this crap to go away. Lexi, WELCOME TO CONSEQUENCES. Your fake account didn't work. Alexis McKelley. Alex McMackivan. Filmmaker! "
" All right. The new face of anti-Trump political activism is . He's wanted to be famous for a long time. The confrontation is--like so many confrontations--ritualized and brainless. But you can see Hogg playing the victim card in his video. In 2012, I went to see Scott Thunes (Too-niss) play in Hermosa beach. Thunes is one of the greatest electric bassists who ever lived. I had the chance to see him from no more than five feet away, so I could study his technique, which was a total mystery. He's classically trained, but he uses a pick on his bass and came up in the punk world. So Thunes brings a classical musician's sense of melody and countermelody to a punk bassist's work. The result is totally unique. So I finally got to study Thunes's physical technique. He holds the pick in about ten different ways, and he fingers notes in ten different ways. And he never looks at the bass. He knows where each note is. After the concert, I was floating on air. But I also have Meniere's disease. Any kind of stress--good or bad--causes confusion. So I ended up missing a turn and driving into Los Angeles International Airport. Bumper to bumper traffic. Total nightmare. After almost an hour, I saw an exist, so I took it. Turns out I was driving where there was no lane. FIVE cops waved me to a stop. The cops were rude and belligerent. ""Tell me why I shouldn't give you a $700 ticket,"" one said. So what did I do? I groveled. Yes sir, no sir, three bags full sir. I'd just seen the GREATEST ELECTRIC BASSIST IN THE WORLD, from five feet away. I'D LEARNED HIS SECRETS. The cops didn't matter. Finally a cop jerked his head and said, ""Get out of my sight!"" So I did. Cops and other authority figures shouldn't be a-holes, but they deal with the SCUM OF THE EARTH. It gets to them. So I simply apologized and apologized and apologized until they let me go. Those cops are still working at the airport, dealing with the scum of the earth. I got to see Scott Thunes from five feet away. I saw a total magician at work. I was GRATEFUL. When you feel gratitude, it gives you perspective, and it allows you to not let OTHERS chart the course of your life. David Hogg is now famous. He achieved fame by standing on dead bodies and lying. That kid has never been grateful for a single thing in his entire life. And now he gets to be on TV for while. Whoopee! All of this will pass. Sic transit gloria mundi, David. ""Thus passes the glory of this world."" Your fame will be fleeting and VERY unrewarding..."
" is responsible for one of TV's funniest moments. He was on a show called The Surreal Life (2003), the first season. Celebrities all crammed together in a house. MC Hammer was upset with Feldman because the gang was headed somewhere by bus, and Feldman had taken too long in the bathroom. ""Me, I'm just in and out,"" said Hammer. ""I'm a professional."" ""You're a professional crapper?"" Feldman asked, very reasonably. Pretty much. Pretty much..."
" According to you guys, Q said that the New York subway bombing was a ""false flag."" Well, TRUMP said it was a REAL bombing. That leaves only three possibilities: One, Trump is being fooled. He has no idea what's going. Two, TRUMP is carrying out ""false flags."" Or three, Q is horseshit. Wait: There's a fourth Q-like possibility. The bombing WAS a ""false flag,"" but Trump is only SAYING that it was real, because he's setting up the false-flaggers for exposure. Wait: This means that Trump allowed the attack to be carried out. That's pretty goddam cold of him. Okay, how about this: Q knew there was going to be a ""false flag,"" but he didn't stop it. Wait. That's pretty goddam cold again. If Q is real, it means that he allowed the government to carry out a ""false flag"" on our fellow citizens, and Trump either participated or is clueless. Call me totally insane, but I don't Trump is either clueless or a guy who authorizes ""false flags."" So I conclude that Q is horseshit. It's the only explanation that fits... ADDENDUM: Now people are LYING in order to defend Q. The guy set off a PIPE BOMB. See? It was NOT an M-80 firecracker. ADDENDUM TWO: No, the bomb DID explode, and three people WERE injured. You're saying Trump allowed a terrorist attack? Well, then he's worse than Obama. I TOLD you I'd rip you a new asshole if you persisted with this. How do you like it so far? I can do this all night. ADDENDUM THREE: Thinking about it, I realize that it's not helpful or accurate to say that Q's material is for idiots. Therefore I apologize for saying that. I don't think you're idiots. However, I have a hair-trigger temper. I am NOT a nice person. So I say things that I later regret. At any rate, I retract my accusation of idiocy, and I apologize. I'm sorry for calling you idiots. It was wrong."
" I don't speak Farsi or Arabic. But. And then this from Saudi Arabia. It could be that regime change in Iran has begun. I DON'T KNOW. But this would be a perfect time to do it... ADDENDUM: Exact translation of Mohammed bin Salman's words: “We won’t wait until the battle comes to Saudi Arabia, but we will work so that battle will be in Iran.” That's an even CLEARER admission that the Saudis and their allies are helping the Iranian people. GOOD. Regime change may happen in stages, or it may happen immediately. I have no idea. But it appears that the Saudis have a hand in this, and the Iranian people are accepting help. Persians are EXTREMELY concerned about the future of their country. If they're accepting help, it means that the Saudis have convinced them that Saudi Arabia poses no threat. If this is regime change, it means that a large percentage of Iranian security forces will either stay in their barracks or help topple the mullahs. The NCRI--which has a very sophisticated intelligence network in Iran--says that this is regime change. We'll know soon enough. I can't tell you if THIS is regime change, but regime change IS COMING. Count on it... ADDENDUM TWO: The President-elect of the National Council of Resistance of Iran says this IS regime change. "
" While Trump ""supporters"" bitched. 790,000 DACA recipients in September of 2017. Today? 670,000. THEY'RE ALREADY LEAVING. Now it's time for me to rub your faces in your obstinate, crude, blockheaded approach to things: YOUR IDEAS ARE CRAP. Do you understand that now? YOUR DEMANDS ARE STUPID. Am I getting through to you? TRUMP IS SMARTER THAN YOU ARE. By a factor of 40 million. When you get your ideas from people who who make their living by riling you up, that makes you AN IDIOT. STOP BEING IDIOTS. YOU are the people who gobbled down the horse manure about McMaster being a Muslim and Kelly drugging Trump. The people peddling that insanity are USING YOU to get rich. Right now, the ONLY PERSON you can trust is TRUMP. He actually cares about you. If it were ME, I'd tell you all to cram it. I'm have no patience for screaming little kids. THIS is me. So don't worry: You'll get tucked in, and the night light will be turned on. There are no monsters in the closet. Except for ME. I'm in your closet RIGHT NOW. And if you don't stop this PATHETIC WHINING, I'm going to come OUT of the closet. So to speak. You will NOT LIKE ME out of the closet. Work hard to KEEP ME IN the closet. Thank you..."
" Correct. Journalists are taught that there's no objective Truth. It's called ""deconstruction,"" invented by philosopher Jacques Derrida, who looked completely sane. Deconstruction doesn't accept the meanings of words. It's part of ""postmodern philosophy,"" which questions ALL values of western civilization. So today, journalists are taught that the concept of Truth is a racist, western, old-dead-white-male idea and is therefore invalid. Each journalist creates a ""personal narrative."" ALL personal narratives are equally valid. So now we see the fruits of deconstruction and postmodern philosophy: lying imbeciles who present us with a completely fabricated version of reality. See, deconstructionists and postmodern philosophers aren't happy saying that there's no objective Truth. Journalists are taught that since they can't overcome personal biases no matter what they do, they may as well BE AS BIASED AS POSSIBLE. It's all just a very highfalutin way of saying, ""I hate Daddy because he told me what to do."" Deconstruction and postmodern philosophy was never supposed to apply to JOURNALISM. It was supposed to be a form of intellectual parlor masturbation. But you'd better believe that journalists tell themselves that there's no objective truth. They LIE, and then they rationalize it by saying, ""It's my personal narrative."" In Gaza, American photographer Heidi Levine said that Hamas NEVER interfered or intimidated her in any way. I bought all the raw footage that Palestinian videographers took the day that Ismail, Mohammed, Ahed, and Zakaria Bakr were said to have been killed on the beach while playing soccer. They just loaded Ismail Bakr's body into the ambulance. A Hamas terrorist in a black T-shirt is shoving Heidi Levine (left) to make her stop taking photos. Now the Hamas terrorist is THREATENING Heidi Levine. Look at the fear in her face. But after the war, she swore that Hamas never threatened her. That's her personal narrative, and she's sticking with it..."
" Why am I leaving California? Because murder is becoming the state sport. Career criminal Alonzo Leron Smith killed 70-year-old Lawrence “Larry” Falce with single punch. Smith is one of Jerry's Kids, a violent felon released because California no longer believes in the rule of law. Smith is a gangbanger convicted of extortion, robbery, and criminal gang activity. He's been in prison and jail for most of his adult life. Here's how criminals think: Smith caused the accident and then lashed out, killing Falce. This is why I tell you to NEVER LET A MAN GET CLOSE TO YOU. It's all about sucker punches. They will attack you without any warning. I won't be sucker punched. If someone tries it, he'll be shot dead on the spot. The California state animal is now the career criminal. Try and find a photo of Alonzo Leron Smith. The press isn't publishing one, despite his mile-long record of arrests. The San Bernardino DA says that they're spending all their time dealing with career criminals who the state's politicians are releasing. Although Larry Falce--a Vietnam War veteran--is dead, the murderer won't charged with killing a law-enforcement officer. Since the murderer is only 30, he'll get out again. YOU can have him, Californians. Choke on him..."
" Check THIS out, which brought to my attention. Grassley and Graham find a declassified e-mail that Susan Rice SENT TO HERSELF in Trump's inauguration day. Rice described TO HERSELF a meeting that Obama, Comey, and Sally Yates had on the Russia investigation. “President Obama began the conversation by stressing his continued commitment to ensuring that every aspect of this issue is handled by the Intelligence and law enforcement communities ‘by the book’."" ""The President stressed that he is not asking about, initiating or instructing anything from a law enforcement perspective. He reiterated that our law enforcement team needs to proceed as it normally would by the book.” Now Grassley and Graham want to talk to Rice. As Rice intended. Now Rice will go on the record saying that Obama told everyone to do everything ""by the book."" Which will prove that Obama lied his ass off. Rice deliberately wrote herself an e-mail that would stand out like a Day-Glo green elephant when it was seen. The president called the head of the FBI and the acting head of the DOJ into the Oval Office and said, ""Now I want this handled by the book, see? By the BOOK, coppers! You hear me? Nyah!"" You believe that? I don't. But now Rice will say, ""The president swore up and down that all investigations would be above board."" You see what she did? Rice is part of a team doing THIS. Obama is the support stake. Did I call it or what? This is what happens when you are an arrogant SOB who thinks you can mercilessly abuse people and get away with it forever. Rice's revenge is so elegant. She learned from the greatest spook in human history... ADDENDUM: Here we go. We get the Strzok-Page text. The GOP says, ""They're talking about the CLINTON SERVER investigation!"" Then Page and Strzok's buddies say, ""No-no-no. They're talking about the Russia investigation."" THEN Grassley and Graham ""find"" Rice's e-mail to herself: ""Obama said, 'I want the Russia investigation done by the book!'"" Slam dunk. Page and Strzok's buddies were tricked into admitting that Obama was interfering in the Russia investigation, and then we find Rice documenting the same thing to herself. See, once you can prove that Obama was involved in the Russia investigation, it's game over. They'll screech that he was only ""following"" it, but FBI investigations are supposed to be confidential. Obama was demanding that the FBI report to him on the investigation into a POLITICAL OPPONENT. Page herself said it. And Rice too showed that Obama inserted himself into the investigation. The difference is that Rice did it deliberately. There was NO REASON WHATSOEVER for her to send that e-mail to herself. She did it so that it would be seen, and then she'd be questioned. All you have to prove is that Obama was involved in the investigation. THAT is what will sink him and all the others. Just watch... ADDENDUM TWO: Rice brought down Obama. Good for her. ""Former President Barack Obama pledged that he did not speak with FBI directors about pending investigations throughout his presidency in a 2016 interview with Fox News’ Chris Wallace."" Strzok and Page showed that Obama interfered by demanding reports from actual investigators, but Rice showed that Obama met with Comey himself. A song for Obama... "
" Really and truly, all you need to say is that the Founding Fathers wanted Americans to have semiautomatic rifles. The proof is that Congress offered to fund the building of 100 such rifles for the Continental Army. Benjamin Franklin, George Washington, and John Hancock were PERSONALLY involved in the attempt to provide Joseph Belton's semiautomatic rifle to the army. Therefore the Second Amendment covers semiautomatic rifles. The Founding Fathers were PERSONALLY AWARE of repeaters, because they TRIED TO HAVE THEM BUILT. The argument that the Second Amendment covers only muskets is invalid. The Second Amendment CLEARLY covers semiautomatic rifles. The Founding Fathers were 100 percent knowledgeable about the technology. They WANTED us to have it. That's the end of the debate. Nothing else matters. The Founders KNEW semiautomatic rifles, and they wanted us to have them. Period..."
" I was going knock it off, but I had to share this with you. Someone--I already forgot who--told me that I had once exposed pedophile rings, but now I was defending them. Someone had gotten to me or taken over my account! In the same string of madness, someone mentioned George Webb being exposed as Mossad. Since I don't follow any of these lunatics, I looked into it. In comparison to THESE people, Cernovich is a paragon of stability. I've said that the Catholics believe that in an exorcism, the demon makes the most commotion before its forced to leave. In my 55 years, I've never seen such total insanity. The only thing I can conclude is that an enormous percentage of people who claim to support Trump are actually in violent opposition to his agenda. Here's what I read on the same Web page: Trump reminds McMaster who's boss, and McMaster reminds Trump who's boss. The guy who wrote that didn't see that he utterly contradicted himself. He's in a fugue state. Or maybe its an ecstasy. At any rate, if you don't hear it from enough people, I REALLY appreciate the sanity I get from you and your bro. I like sanity. I NEVER expected that the people who ELECTED Trump would go crazy. The more Trump succeeds, the crazier these people get. I must've told you that one of my childhood fears was that the entire world was insane. After reading about George Webb and the Mossad, I'm left speechless. And that's OLD NEWS. I was never a Webb guy, because his videos exhibit what's called ""psychotic art."" These are from ""On the Writing of the Insane"" (1870) by G. Mackenzie Bacon, an asylum medical superintendent. The hallmark of psychotic art is the crammed details, lines pointing here and there, and FAR TOO MUCH text. There's a whole crowd of folks who started out liking me and then concluded that I'm a deep-state plant--and I never knew they existed. All their drama took place offstage. Since I don't traffic in conspiracy theories, I didn't know any of this was happening. Your bro and I are similar. We get very upset at those who deceive. It really IS a soul war. People are choosing sides. You and your bro and I are firmly on one side. We value improvement. So now I really WILL sign off. But thanks again for the sanity. It's highly appreciated..."
" Everybody needs to understand how truly unbelievable this is. First North Korean leader to step into the South. Until THAT MOMENT, the entire existence of North Korea was dedicated to taking over the South by force. It's LITERALLY part of their ideology. AND. Their ideology ALSO calls for inevitable war with the South and the US, resulting in most North Koreans being killed. So: Their ideology FORMALLY calls for them to commit mass suicide. Until Trump, the US position was that we would never ""legitimize"" North Korea by allowing a president to meet with the leader. I have no doubt that military action was taken, but we'll never hear about it for one reason only: It was not AMERICANS who took the action. It was the Gulf Cooperation Council. If Americans had carried out the missions, Congress would be all over Trump to brief them, and then they would've leaked it. North Korea must be allowed to save face. THAT is imperative. Our government can't keep secrets. But the GCC can. We dropped off commandos, but our own people didn't go into North Korea. I don't know how the submarines work, so I don't know if the commandos were kept isolated from the crew. We have a LONG WAY TO GO to get back to where we once were. TWO successive heads of the US Naval Special Warfare Command had to write open letters to the SEALs, telling them to STOP REVEALING SECRETS. The bin Laden mission remained a secret for less than 24 hours. Therefore I'm POSITIVE that the US didn't carry out the military action needed. But President Trump and SecDef Mattis without question authorized American assets to take part in SOME capacity. And Trump made sure that the North Koreans would not lose face. That was the key. The Korean People's Army (KPA) in a very real sense holds Jim Jong-un hostage. ALL North Korean leaders must deliver the goodies to the generals of the KPA. Therefore I have no doubt that one or two KPA generals met some silent men in their mansions. The KPA had to be shown that it could no longer hold Kim hostage. NOBODY EVER EXPECTED ANY OF THIS. I think Trump is deliberately distracting from it so that the Koreans can get all the credit. They can present Trump with a deal, and he becomes SECONDARY. Trump will take ANY amount of heat, if the end result is improvement. THAT is an ego structure that most of us can't comprehend. So I think all will be well for the two Korean states. And I never thought I'd say that. We live in an amazing era. Thank yourselves AGAIN for electing . It was the smartest thing the country ever did..."
" Hey Iranians! I was right: ""I am almost certain that Iran would witness massive development if it adopts such a stance because of its rich natural resources. Investors will invest in Iran and develop it economically and help its citizens catch up the 21st century."" ""By the way, first among these countries would be the neighboring Gulf states, headed by Saudi Arabia."" is a Saudi writer with the al-Jazirah newspaper. I've said for three years now that the Gulf Arabs will rush to invest in Iran. And now a Saudi writer says the same thing. It's a different world now. The Middle East will become a stable, peaceful, prosperous REGION. WESTERN writers speak in terms of regional rivalry, but I've been watching the Saudis closely for three years now. They DON'T seek domination. The goal is to create a region in which people live as they choose, without interference from the INSIDE or the OUTSIDE. Every culture in the Middle East has a long history. When the region finds peace, all those cultures will thrive. So don't worry. All will be well. I promise..."
" How Hollywood enslaves. The best interview of my career was with Gene Simmons of Kiss. I wasn't a fan of Kiss, but I was and am a fan of Simmons. This was the first serious music magazine to interview Simmons. He rightfully worried--I perceived--that we'd do a hatchet job on him. We were supposed to speak for an hour. After about ten minutes, I wanted to mix it up with him. But I had to let him know that this was performance art, to make the interview entertaining. So I got out of my chair and sat at his feet, facing him. He turned away, hiding a smile. He GOT IT! We spent the next two hours screaming at each other. It was REALLY FUN. He understood that we were creating a project together. I was his straight man, there to make him shine. It was the most widely read interview in the history of the magazine. Near the end of the interview, Simmons played me a new song. I was stunned. It was GREAT. Very hard metal. His vocals were great, and the lyrics amazing. I was so happy for Simmons. After the article was in the can, Kiss announced their reunion. The four original members, wearing makeup, playing the old stuff. The new album was never supposed to be released. But someone made a bootleg, so the record label (there's an old phrase!) put out the album with the title ""Carnival of Souls."" Kiss went on for a long time, and then all the same old problems surfaced, and the band re-replaced the same two guys. What you need to understand is that everyone in Hollywood is cash-poor. I'm a professional investor. I invest in closed-end mutual funds. NOBODY KNOWS ABOUT THEM. You can get a 10 percent return with almost no risk. What you do is put the return back into the principle. There's an old story about a guy who is going to work for a king for a month. He tells the king to pay him one penny today, two pennies tomorrow, four pennies the next day, and so on. The king laughs and says, ""Sure!"" At the end of the month, he has to pay the guy 5.4 million pounds. I'm investing for ten years from now. BEFORE Trump was elected, I was in great shape. Now? It's likely that the economy will triple in size. It may even quintuple in size. But people in Hollywood are cash-poor, and they have MASSIVE expenses. So they do anything for money. They also get cosmetic surgery. It's REQUIRED. Jennifer Lawrence is 27. She looks like she polished her face with automotive carnauba wax. She also has so much filler that she gets a double chin when she speaks. She has ""pillow face."" Gene Simmons pretty much did what he had to do in order to keep working. But I can't help but wonder what would've happened if the band had kept growing. Here's the song that Simmons played me that excited me. It's called ""Hate."" The vocals are a masterpiece. Simmons has never held notes so long, nor has he thrown in so many strange countermelodies. Technically, the bass is the best work Simmons has done. I enjoyed art that explores darkness. What I look for is a new take. ""Hate"" offers a new take on hate. The song is utterly ambiguous. The lyrics. Great art asks questions instead of answering them. ""There's an ""almost get it"" feeling to the song. Whatever Gene Simmons does and wherever he goes, he'll know that he created at least one timeless masterpiece. Well done Gene..."
" A day in the life of eunuch . He's asking how many people I blocked for pointing out that the Facebook post wasn't real. None. I asked HIM what his rose meant. He lacked the balls to answer. He hates lies. Except lies that HE tells. I didn't know know the Facebook post wasn't real. But we can thank George W. Bush for letting leftists say that being mistaken means you're lying. ""Bush lied about weapons of mass destruction!"" One of the stupidest things ever said. But now it's ""common knowledge."" Wade the eunuch is not done lying. Again, I didn't block anyone who told me that the Facebook post wasn't real. I block belligerent assholes and mental patients. Finally, Wade the eunuch answered SOMEONE else, not me. don't actually fight for anything, and they don't want to better the world. They want to enslave us. Just look at the name: Democratic Socialists of America. Where have you heard those words together before? Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka. HEAVEN ON EARTH. A 26-year civil war, 1983 to 2009. The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) versus the government. The Tamil Tigers invented modern suicide bombing. To defeat the Tamil Tigers, the Sri Lankan government used World War II strategies and tactics. Guess who hosts the last of the Tamil Tigers? The democratic socialists of Norway. I lived in Norway from 1978 to 1981. If you have the choice between democratic socialism and jumping into a vat of sulfuric acid, take the acid. It'll be less painful. Norway was the worst country I lived in. This includes Venezuela. Add alcoholism and emotional coldness to Venezuela. That's Norway. The government controlled EVERYTHING, including the volume at which you're allowed to speak to your children. In Norway, the government will CONFISCATE children who are home schooled. Home school your kids? Lose them. Forever. Norway lies its ass off. Oil revenue pays for everything. All industries are subsidized by oil revenue. Norway doesn't belong to the EU because that would mean the end of price controls and government subsidies for businesses. If Norway joined the EU, every single business in Norway would cease to exist in a week, and the cost of living would quintuple. Nobody hates Jews like Norwegians. More Norwegians fought for the Nazis than for the Allies in World War II. Democratic socialists are little kids pretending to be adults. Wade the eunuch should be forced to live in Norway for ten years. Norway is the PERFECT exemplar of democratic socialism: pure hypocrisy and corruption on every level. Everything in Norway has the public face and the black-market face. If you pay in cash, life is great. The hospitals were filthy, staffed by psychos who didn't care. You had to bribe everybody to be human. When someone says he's a democratic socialist, give him a teddy bear and send him on his way. He's not serious about anything, especially his own life... ADDENDUM: I forgot the Law of Jante! Individual achievement is immoral, because it makes everyone else look bad. Here we go: Democratic socialists impose the Law of Jante. I've lived under it. Choose the sulfuric acid..."
" A fair question. In May of 2015, I read an account of the fighting in Aden, Yemen. Fifty (50) Arab special operators were landed. They divided into two groups and went to Little Aden and Crater, the last two holdouts against the Houthis. Using rockets and other advanced weapons, the special operators held off about 40,000 Houthis for two months. Then thousands of armored vehicles broke out of Aden. It was the largest amphibious landing in the history of the Middle East--and we don't know how it was done. Not one photo, not one video, not one satellite image. I started seeing massively advanced weapons all over the Middle East. Hypersonic kinetic munitions. Munitions with directed blast effect. This is the result of the Arabs making peace with Israel and funding Israeli weapon development. The Gulf Cooperation Council now has weapons fifty years ahead of ours. They also created a new soldier, the strategic special operator. He can win wars without the help of conventional ground forces. This was all done by MUSLIMS. The attack you saw today is the tail-end of a long, dark period. Organized jihadist terrorism is being wiped out. And the people doing it are MUSLIMS. Weapons never lie. Know the weapon, know the intent of the user. Saudi Arabia just announced that they're going to build a city that will choose its own religious laws and rules. It's going to be secular. All the Saudis who want to be secular will move there. Turkey and Iran forced secularism on their people. How'd THAT work out? The reality is that Islam is in the midst of a Stealth Reformation. They'll do it THEIR way, not the way WE demand. In other words, they'll do it the right way..."
" Thread on psychotropic medication, which I take. I didn't begin taking psychotropic meds until my CARDIOLOGIST recommended them. One day my resting pulse rate went up to 220 beats per minute. So I went to a cardiologist. He gave me every test known to medical science. Nothing. All normal. I could feel my pulse in my ankles, my neck, my lips, and my fingertips. I thought I was going to die. Because of my history of irregular heartbeat, my cardiologist said we had to bring down my pulse rate ASAP. So he prescribed psychotropic medication. It worked. He explained that I have such severe PTSD that it was endangering my life. I went to a psychiatrist--another MEDICAL DOCTOR--and we worked out the current cocktail over a period of two years. I can stop taking the meds whenever I want. It doesn't change my cognitive abilities. But then I have such terrible nightmares that I want to kill myself. Have YOU woken up screaming even once? I did it every night. I still have nightmares, but I can roll with them now. And my pulse rate is 67 beats per minute. We deal with our fate in ways that suit EACH OF US best... "
" WHAT?! That's completely insane. Are you talking about impeachment? Here's what has to happen: The House votes on one or Articles of Impeachment. The president is impeached. Then the House chooses the prosecutors, known as ""managers."" Only the best will do! Then there's a trial in the Senate, presided over by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. The Senate is the jury. It's a genuine trial, with evidence, witnesses, and so on. Frederica and Ted will be up against the most merciless, brilliant legal barracudas who Trump can hire. When the trial is over, the Senate votes guilty or not guilty. Two-thirds must vote guilty. If found guilty, Trump is immediately removed from officer, and PENCE BECOMES PRESIDENT. Do you know anything about Mike Pence? He's like a religious Terminator. Let's ask Democrats: How many of you want an angry, vengeful President Pence? Believe me, the DEMOCRATS are praying all day and night that Trump is never removed from office. Pence would make Trump seem like your sweet, slightly addled grandma..."
" This is a total lie. ""But following police warnings, the number of festival-related deaths and injuries fell this year in comparison to 2017, when 16 people died, Nouri said."" Nope. Not a single Iranian listened to the police and refrained from celebrating. The mullahs should adopt the Russian Admiral Flota Sovetskogo Soyuza Kuznetsov as their symbol. It's one of the biggest lies ever told. It's a cargo-cult aircraft carrier. The Iranians came close to matching the Russian cargo-cult aircraft carrier. They built a two-thirds scale model American aircraft carrier and sank it. Boom! The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps has flying lawn mowers that it calls ""stealth seaplanes."" They also have speedboats. They claim that they can sink an American carrier by overwhelming it with flying lawn mowers and speed boats. This is cargo-cult warfare. The mind boggles. An American carrier strikes group has seven layers defense. The carrier will be over the horizon during an attack. The hangers for the flying lawn mowers will be bombed before the the lawn mowers can take off. Then cluster munitions will be used on the speedboats. All the Iranians will be dead before they even see the carrier. ""Experts"" have warned for years that the Iranians have deadly Chinese antiship missiles that have made carriers obsolete. Well, not so much. The Iranians gave the Yemeni Houthis some Chinese antiship missiles, which the Houthis fired at our ships. We didn't return fire at first. Why not? Because the missiles flew all over the sky and then fell into the ocean. After the Houthis tried three times to hit our ships, we bombed the launching stations. Killed all the Iranians firing the missiles. One thing the US does perfectly is carrier operations. We've got a century of experience. The Japanese had suicide aircraft, suicide speedboats, suicide midget submarines, and suicide human torpedoes. All were ineffective against American carriers. The mullahs are threatening us with World War II technology and tactics. The result is what's known as a ""foregone conclusion..."""
" Now I'll show you why you pay me the big bucks. The Islamic State built it's own shoulder-fired rocket launchers. These launchers were built in order to fire the massive number of munitions that the terrorists captured. They fired rounds from the Russian SPG-9 recoilless rifle. And they fired grenades from the RPG-7. There were four such launchers. Guess what NOBODY is talking about? The rubber end caps and the the ABS plastic handles are injection molded. Injection molding is VERY expensive. Even a SMALL mold can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. AND the parts on the Islamic State launchers are VERY high quality. The parts have no ""flash."" These parts were made by a professional arms manufacturer. They were provided by a GOVERNMENT. It has to be the Iranian mullahs. IRAQI medical supplies were given to the Islamic State in Mosul. Iranian-controlled militias provided perimeter security. They let the medical supplies through. SYRIA also provided medical supplies to the Islamic State in Mosul. The Shia militias said that Saudi Arabia had given the Islamic State ammunition. But the box says ""Yemen Arab Republic."" The Yemen Arab Republic ceased to exist in 1990. Where did the ammunition come from? The Houthis in Yemen gave the ammunition to the Iranians who gave it to the Iraqi militias who planted it. IRAN--not Saudi Arabia--was supplying the Islamic State. And so was one other country. Guess who? ""Production dates spanning a range of years, suggest that ISIS forces have made repeated acquisitions of identical products from the same sources - almost exclusively from the Turkish domestic market."" Our allies the Turks! Turkey and Iran lust for empire. They support terrorists in an endless quest for power. All you have to do is look at the weapons, and you can see that a STATE ACTOR gave the Islamic State high-quality injection-molded parts. And not ONE ""analyst"" put two and two together... ADDENDUM: The injection-molded parts were CUSTOM MADE, not copied. New molds had to be built. VERY expensive..."
" Well, SOMEONE is using land vehicles armed with this weapon. This is a kinetic munition. It broke apart the truck bomb before it could explode. The ""beam"" is superheated air. A man-portable version was used in Syria. Look to the right of the screen. A kinetic weapon can be very small. A munition the size of a cigarette could destroy a car..."
" CONSERVATIVE Iranians marching in Khvorasgan, Isfahan Province. These are the continuing marches by the farmers. The government send a MASSIVE security contingent to PREVENT these marches. This video says that farmers came from all over the country to march. YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS? The government is not able to prevent large units from moving freely throughout the country. So first we had reconnaissance by protest, and now we're having the Beta Test of the actual troop movements. The ""troops"" are the Iranian people. It's all coming together. The Green Movement was only in Tehran, so it was easy to crush. What we're seeing now is a nationwide uprising that is rehearsing regime change IN THE OPEN. And there simply aren't enough security forces to stop them. Obviously a massive number of security forces have gone over to the other side. BUT. The mistake the Syrians made was to to try and defeat Assad in conventional ways. The Free Syrian Army began as former Assad loyalists who announced their defection. Assad was able to point to them and call them terrorists. The Free Syrian Army also accepted bloodthirsty jihadists as allies. THAT discredited the opposition. Assad was able to pose as a secular leader fighting jihadism, and the idiots and fascists of the world bought it. The Iranians are avoiding ALL THE MISTAKES of the Arab Spring. And that's why regime change will be successful. At some point, the mullahs will not have enough security forces to protect them. That point is rapidly approaching. This is one of the most ingenious revolutions of all time. The Iranians are avoiding literally EVERY PITFALL. So be confident. The Iranians will free themselves without massive bloodshed, and then Iran will make peace with all its neighbors. All will be well..."
" A thread written for me. I have to say that I didn't know who Jack Posobiec was until he posted a photo of himself wearing military insignia the wrong way. The ""Don't Tread On Me"" patch is called the Navy Jack. You wear it on your left shoulder, and your wear a reverse flag on your right shoulder. Posobiec said he was on his way to a training exercise. They wouldn't have let him on the base. See, not only are the patches in the wrong positions, the flag is the wrong one. Everywhere he went that day, he would've been stopped and challenged. TERRORISTS get uniform details wrong. If you're out of uniform, you get stopped by guards or MPs. As for the rest of the thread about Posobiec, it shows the dangers of fame. The seduction. I guess I can admit this now: I never trusted people who made a career out of ""fighting"" Islam. I didn't know that Ezra Levant is running Rebel Media. One by one, ALL anti-Islam public figures have exposed themselves as being more interested in fame than anything else. Now, I want to be ABSOLUTELY CLEAR: I'm talking about PUBLIC FIGURES, not average people. If YOU don't trust--or even if you HATE--Islam, that's not my business. You get to hate who you want. I personally don't hate Muslims, and I personally don't see Islam itself as a global threat. It's clear to me that there's a stealth Reformation going on. The UAE has female special operators. They're in combat all over the Middle East. I always knew that the REAL story of Islam was more complex that the most strident critics made it. But I don't call for anyone to be shut down, and I don't tell YOU what to think. If you insulted those Emirati female special operators, they'd laugh at you. They'd pat your little head. People hate being misled. So I take this hobby of mine seriously. I believe everything I write. I'm not part of a deception operation. Imagine the hell to pay if it was leaked that THIS guy was working for Trump. Or THIS guy. Everything I write is conjecture. I do make predictions. But I have no sources. I'm not a journalist. So journalists don't need to worry about me. I'm nobody. That's how I like it. "
" Some wisdom from my brother Tim. About government bureaucrats. Tim lived in London for years. He watched the decline from up close. He's an aviation nut, so the extinction of the British aerospace industry really upsets him. Multiple historians have commented on how the UK is committing suicide to atone for its days as an empire. Little by little, the Brits have destroyed everything they once manufactured. What Tim learned from living in London is that government bureaucrats--such as those in the National Health Service--avoid criticism by painting themselves as victims of unfair attacks. But here's what Tim says: ""You're always on probation."" In other words, nobody is ENTITLED to support. You have to earn it. Over and over and over. If the system begins to fail, then we get to call out those who are causing the failure. They are REQUIRED to perform up to par. When they fail, we get to say, ""You're failing!"" I live in California, which is as close to the UK as you can get here in the US. All government bureaucrats do the same thing as the Brits. They paint themselves as hardworking victims of unfair attacks. And it works! They very people who bureaucrats ABUSE come rushing to their defense. This is a form of sickness. I don't personalize anything. Government bureaucrats are required to EARN THEIR GODDAM SALARIES. The most powerful union in the US is the California Correctional Peace Officers Association. Prison guards. The way it works is they elect the politicians who then sit down with them to negotiate their contracts. As a result, the prison guards are paid for the time they walk from their cars, and they have no physical standards. You can weigh 400 pounds. One of my cousins was a 400-pound prison guard. He had it MADE! Until his hips gave out under the massive strain. He couldn't lose the weight necessary to have hip-replacement surgery, so he became immobile and then gained another 100 pounds. He was caught smuggling in phones and drugs and weapons to prisoners. No consequences. But now he's a 500-pound bedridden guy aiming for 600 pounds. Boy, does he complain! But he did it all to himself. He threw everything away, and for what? Food, beer, and the ability to say, ""Screw all you idiots! I got it MADE!"" When you think you're no longer on probation, you start to feel entitled. And then before you know it, you weigh 600 pounds, and you're bedridden. The reason I voted for Trump is that he convinced me that he would remember that he's always on probation. He would never put up his feet and say, ""I got it MADE!"" The thing about saying, ""I got it MADE!"" is that the second you say it, you start losing everything. I really loved the UK. But the country I loved is gone. I simply have nothing in common with people who feel a romantic love for government health care. It's not a mindset that I comprehend. I'm going to end up in Las Vegas, surrounded by books and postcards and DVDs. Yesterday I had an epiphany that allowed me to break through a mental wall that prevented me from actualizing a project. Now I'm on track again. I'm going to create something that will stand forever. I'm very excited. What happened was that I suddenly saw that I was perceiving everything the wrong way. I was LOOKING for something that I already had. Once I realized I had it, I was able to move forward to the next step. In some ways I feel bad for those who rush to defend their own abusers, but these people have no ability to understand what I'm saying. Tim said that humanity is permanently diverging into the individuals and the group-thinkers. I think he's right. Individual thinkers are under attack right now. But it's because the group-thinkers know they're losing. The UK lost everything. It had so much! And now it's full of people who feel romantic love for their government health-care system. It's a shame, but there's nothing I can do about it. Even trying to discuss it makes people angry. They call you names for being an individual. Group-thinkers are always at the mercy of the government. Whatever happens to ME will be MY choice. Not the government's..."
" Past is prologue. At some point, watch Secretary Mattis's speech. Massive change is coming. Mattis says we will create the most lethal conventional JOINT forces on earth, but they'll able to fight unconventionally. A middle-aged German firefighter invented this combined-arms form of warfare 100 years. His name was Bernhard Reddemann. He was the commander of the German flamethrower arm in World War I. Mattis is talking about returning to the way Reddemann fought. The Gulf Cooperation Council revived this strategy in about 2009. In World War I, enormous armies fired giant weapons at each other, accomplishing nothing. Here's what Reddemann invented. Small units would be equipped with all the weapons of the entire armed forces. The German High Command resisted. But. The German Crown Prince agreed with Reddemann and personally funded this method of fighting. Mattis has the president behind him. Anyone who resists will get fired. Reddemann began by training infantrymen to infiltrate in small groups. Their main weapon was the hand grenade (in the bag). These men brought with them every weapon you can imagine. They modified artillery pieces by lowering and lightening them. Under massive covering fire, they dragged the guns across No Man's Land. FAST. The covering fire was provided by light machine guns that the men carried. Other men took the bases off of heavy machine guns and provided support. Note the hand grenades. The assault troops converted mortars into direct-fire weapons. These too went into No Man's Land. They also had ""infantry guns"": light artillery used as giant sniper rifles. These were all direct-fire weapons. You aimed them the way you would a rifle. They had grenade launchers and flamethrowers. And they had tanks that were actually mobile fortresses. The tank crewmen were trained as assault troops. Here they dismounted, captured some Brits, and posed for a photo. The tank crewmen had machine guns, rifles, hand grenades, and flamethrowers. The Germans also created special gunships to supports the troops. One kind flew low enough for the crew to throw hand grenades. The other kind was armored and carried up to six downward-firing machine guns. The Germans carried out one amphibious landing in World War I. They integrated naval assets with the shock troops. After World War I, everyone forgot how this worked. Then the Gulf Cooperation Council revived this form of fighting. The new term is ""combined arms micro teams."" A hundred years ago, the micro teams communicated by radio, bugle, flare, semaphore, and runner. Today, a commander in Florida can see and talk to men and women in Iraq. Mattis said JOINT forces. The various branches of service must cooperate. If they don't, their commanders will be fired. Just like that. This WORKS. It worked 100 years ago, and it works today. Mattis will make it happen. This is a REVOLUTION. Trump wasn't kidding. It's a new, BETTER era. Again, thank you for making the right decision. "
" show you how stupid he and his flock of never-Trump geese are. is talking about this. goes on to gloat and gloat and gloat about how Trump got played. Just one problem: How do we know Trump got played? This is the never-Trump geese TAKING TWEETS at face value. The Lebanese army did this. Guess who asked them to do that? SURPRISE! As the Lebanese army, the Syrian Arab Army, Hezbollah, and Iran-backed militia move to the Israeli border, what are the Israelis doing? SURPRISE! Here come the never-Trumpers! Riordan has it right... "
" Conspiracy theories again. Let's talk about them. Earlier I read a CBS News story that quoted David Hogg as saying he ""road"" from his house to the school to conduct interviews. THAT was the introduction of Hogg. Any person of normal intelligence would think due to the wording that Hogg was saying that he wasn't at the school when the shooting took place. It's a horrible editing job. Hogg WAS at the school. He went home and then returned. I wouldn't a million years have thought that kids would immediately return to the crime scene to make polemical videos, but that's exactly what they did. There's a hoax video out there that has Hogg identifying the time as 9:32. It shows kids and cops in the daytime. Well, someone lifted the audio from a nighttime interview that Hogg conducted. In other words, someone lied in order to make Hogg look like a liar. He interviewed someone named Alex at 9:32 p.m. That piece of audio was put over daylight video. I haven't followed any of this closely. Maybe Hogg edited the video himself, not knowing that people would use it to claim that he was lying. The CBS News report is so poorly done that it makes him appear to tell two different stories. There's no evidence that Hogg lied. But there is HOAX video accusing him of lying. And THAT is why I hate conspiracy theories. They ALWAYS veer into lies. When you FABRICATE ""evidence,"" you are a LIAR. Every single time someone spouts conspiracy theories at me, they ALWAYS lie. Usually it's fabricated quotes by Jewish people, presented in the form of memes. So I made my own meme. Virtually all conspiracy theories veer back into Jew-hate. And I am DEEPLY antagonistic to Jew-hate. Whenever I tell people that I don't w3ant to hear their stupid-ass conspiracy theories, it offends them. Why? In 2015 I tried to talk about new weaponry to the well-known ""experts"" on Twitter. They all laughed at me. So I stopped tweeting them. But. They all kept reading me and tagging me into conversations about how stupid I am. So I blocked them all. I can't even remember their user names. So if I think conspiracy theories are a waste, MOVE ON. Tell each other that I'm insane, and YOU'RE the same ones. No matter how many times you tell me that I must submit to your will, I won't. Never. Not ever. You get to rave about Apache gunships strafing the crowd in Las Vegas, and I get to say, ""Take that crap somewhere else. It's too stupid to even consider."" When you devote yourself to conspiracy theories, you begin rationalizing things. Such as LYING about David Hogg. He and I don't agree about anything. But I'm not going to FABRICATE videos to try and discredit him. The people who fabricated the Hogg video--the one in which they say he was filming at 9:32 in the morning--are CONSPIRACY THEORISTS. They want you to think that Hogg is part of a ""false flag."" They fabricated a FAKE YEARBOOK that showed him as a senior in 2015. Conspiracy theorists want you to think that they're heroic truth seekers. Well, think about THIS: They FABRICATED their ""evidence"" that David Hogg is part of a ""false flag."" If there WAS NO ""false flag,"" then why do these people want you to think there was? Every possible answer comes AT YOUR EXPENSE. These people are SCUMBAGS. David Hogg probably actually hates me. But he didn't fabricate anything. And he isn't peddling conspiracy theories. Hogg's position is that we need far greater gun control. The way you prevent his agenda from being implemented is by getting much more involved in politics. That's how the system works. Hogg is working WITHIN THE SYSTEM. Conspiracy theorists who FABRICATE their ""evidence"" are trying to demolish all order and implement absolute chaos and insanity. So are we clear? You don't want to include me in ANY conspiracy theory. ASK whatever you want, but don't PEDDLE craziness that has no bearing on reality. And if you don't like my view of conspiracy theories, STOP READING MY TWEETS..."
" I told this story before, but I now I have MANY more followers. A story on the savage intolerance of Hollywood. Rob Reiner said that is a threat to democracy. Reiner became famous playing Meathead on a TV Show called ""All in the Family."" A recurring character was George Jefferson, a black man who hated white people. Jefferson was played by Sherman Hemsley. ""The Jeffersons"" spun off from ""All in the Family."" The new show was all about spunky Geroge telling white people to shove it. Well, I knew Sherman Hemsley slightly. He had a dirty secret that he had to keep hidden in order to get work. Hemsley was nothing at all like George Jefferson. He was an electric bassist. And Hemsley was a progressive-rock FANATIC. I've never known anybody more devoted to progressive rock. When people think of progressive rock, they think of the band Yes. Well, Hemsley found Yes to be FAR too tame. He had contacts all over the world who sent him records of the the most unbelievably esoteric progressive-rock bands on earth. And like me, Hemsley's favorite bassist was Ray Shulman of the band Gentle Giant. Hemsley left his apartment open when he was gone. Fellow musicians and BASSISTS could go in an listen to music that we couldn't find anywhere else. You'd read a review and then go to Hemsley's place to listen to the music. Hemsley HATED race issues, and he HATED having to portray an anti-white character. But he became the face of the leftist anti-white minstrel show. It was mortifying to him, this man who collected progressive rock from all over the planet. To me, he was just a musician and a librarian. But if word had gotten out that he was a prog-rock fan, white leftists and black race hustlers would've turned against him. You wouldn't BELIEVE how many black closeted prog-rockers and rock-and-rollers there are. But they're allowed to play only funk, jazz, soul, and blues. That's LEFTISM. That's NOT conservatism. Leftist identity politics enslaves people. They won't even let you express your love of progressive rock if your skin is the wrong color. They're saying, ""This is for white people only."" Where have we seen THAT before...? "
" Hello! My modem died. I'm at Kinko's. The new modem arrives on Monday. I have to get out of here right this second. Boy, am I a hermit! So tell whomever asks that I'm working on a video about flamethrowers. I think people will like it. Today proved himself the best president in US history. THIS is why he took no special-interest money. They have no leverage over him. All the Republicans bitching are doing so because they've been ordered to bitch. The GOP slave masters--everyone who shipped out jobs overseas--are unhappy. Tough t*tty. Having a robust manufacturing base IS a national-security issue. So good for President Trump. I'll be back on Monday. Now I must flee the people the people the people the people the people the people the people the people the people the people the people the people the people the people the people the people the people the people the people the people the people..."
" Memories of Dad! ""Stop, train! I'm walking here."" ""HOLY ****! GET OFF THE TRACKS!"" ZOOM! ""Hey! Why did you grab me?"" ""BECAUSE THERE WAS A TRAIN COMING!"" ""I know there was a train coming! I'm not stupid!"" My father's favorite pastime was sightseeing. As he drove the car. He like to comment on the scenery. ""Hmm. Smith's Paints. Burger King. A kid. Streetlights."" As we were hurtling at sixty miles per hour toward the cars stopped at the light ahead. ""Red light. Red light! RED LIGHT. RED LIGHT!!!!"" I'd scream. Eeerrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeee went the brakes. And after we skidded to a stop with inches spare, Dad would say, ""I know! I know!"" The closest call we ever had was when we were in a lance that merged with the lane on the left. We were doing about seventy. ""Hmm. Trees. Yeah, hedges. Baby stroller. Crosswalk."" Where the lance ended, there were parked cars. We were aimed at the first car, doing seventy. I just held on. Dad was looking to his left, so he unconsciously swerved slightly. The side mirror of our car missed the side mirror of the parked car by the width of a sheet of paper. By the end of his life, Dad was like unexploded ordnance (UXO). He was like those bombs from World War II that they find in London when they're excavating for the foundation of a new building. You couldn't talk to him about it, because he got furious and then became an even WORSE driver. So we were going to report him to the Department of Motor Vehicles. One of the last time Dad drove he got into a physical altercation with a gang banger. They were fighting over a parking space, this 83-year-old former Coast Guardsman and a gangster in his twenties. The kid backed down but then keyed Dad's car. Did you ever watch the old Popeye cartoons in black and white? Popeye mumbles to himself as he's beating people up. In one episode, Popeye said, ""My pappy's second childhood is making an old man out of me."" That old Turkish man indignantly protesting HAVING HIS LIFE SAVED brought back memories. Dad has been gone for five years, as of six days from now. Cheers, Dad. ""Hmm. Train tracks. Crowd. Train. Dur..."" (21`) ADDENDUM: In No. 11 I wrote ""lance"" twice instead of ""lane."" That's what happens when all you think about is flamethrowers... "
" All your conspiracy theories debunked. THIS is why the story is so confusing. The hotel will be sued, the city of Las Vegas will be sued, the gun stores will sued, and the gun MANUFACTURERS will be sued. There's no mystery to any of this. People are keeping their mouths shut in order to mitigate the legal damage. Lawsuits are being filed BEFORE THE INVESTIGATION IS EVEN OVER. The security guard is being harassed by mental patients posing as journalists. FBI field agents are being accused of lying and corruption for NO REASON WHATSOEVER. What's happening is that STUPID AMERICANS who watch too much TV are demanding that REAL cops behave like actors. In the February 28, 1997 North Hollywood bank robbery, the two criminals fired 1100 rounds. Did anybody say, ""How did they carry that ammunition, huh?"" No. Because people weren't as DEGRADED back then as they are now. The sheriff of Clark County, Nevada, is having to say incredible things: ""There's no conspiracy to hide information."" Only nitwits think there is. The sheriff must now address the ideas of nitwits. Are you familiar with this photo? Taken on Mount Suribachi, Iwo Jima by Joe Rosenthal, February 23, 1945. The six men are (from left) Ira Hayes, Franklin Sousley, Michael Strank, John Bradley, Rene Gagnon, and Harlon Block. John Bradley's son James co-wrote a book called ""Flags of Our Fathers,"" made into a film directed by Clint Eastwood. Well, guess what? The entire world was wrong until 2014. Two amateur military historians--Eric Krelle and Stephen Foley--discovered that John Bradley is not in the photo. The man identified for seventy years as John Bradley is actually Harold Schultz. Not only THAT, the identities of two other men in the photo are reversed. The amateurs historians were accused of every name in the book. And then... The US Marine Corps concluded that the amateurs were correct. The amateurs were met with HATRED. They were called glory-seeking bastards who wanted to ruin American heroes. No. They just wanted the TRUTH. The most studied image from World War II fooled everyone until 2014. So all you conspiracy theorists are insane. You're making everything worse. I don't expect you to stop, but you SHOULD feel ashamed."
" Well, there's one way you can make this collapse: Today I was reading quotes by H. L. Mencken. I posted this earlier: ""All of us, if we are of reflective habit, like and admire men whose fundamental beliefs differ radically from our own."" I'm now 100 percent positive that Roy Moore is innocent of ALL these accusations. The accusers and their handlers--TO ME--are deserving of nothing but ridicule. Funnily enough, this is what H. L. Mencken said: ""The final test of truth is ridicule. Very few dogmas have ever faced it and survived."" Of course this is serious business, but they WANT YOU TO BE AFRAID. If you can muster the confidence to ridicule these people, Moore will win. Their stories are LUDICROUS. NOBODY actually believes that Moore sat panting in his office, waiting for buttocks to grab. Every liar has a ""tell."" Poker players look for a tell. It lets them know when their opponent is bluffing. The office accuser has multiple tells. She remembers she was wearing a black-and-white dress. What a totally coo-coo thing to say. If she said, ""I was wearing nun's habit,"" you'd think, ""The poor thing was covered up but got butt-groped!"" She mentions the color of her dress because she think it will make her story more believable. Does it? Of course not. WE weren't there, so her stupid dress color is irrelevant. ""I was wearing a vomit-colored dress."" HOW WOULD WE KNOW? Here's another tell: ""He didn't pinch it; he grabbed it."" This is OUTRAGEOUSLY demented. Pinch or grab DOESN'T MATTER. It would be sexual assault. But again, this lying weirdo is trying to persuade you that she isn't crazy, but SHE DOESN'T KNOW HOW, since she's crazy! ""He grabbed it, and then he TWISTED it, and then he TIED it in a KNOT!"" She's being SALACIOUS. These are NOT the words of a woman who was actually sexually assaulted in an office. These people are ABNORMAL. They can't convincingly portray emotions that the average woman would feel if accosted. Think of YOURSELF. If any of this happened to you, would you relate it this way? So we went from NOT A HINT OF THIS IN FORTY YEARS to the judge being an animal who assaults women in front of their mothers. This is WEST POINT GRADUATE who kept his entire family on the straight an narrow, who was called Captain American in the army, and who has shown NOTHING but self-control. The lies won't stop, apparently. But they'll get crazier. Try to see this as black comedy. Yes, these accusations are painful for Roy Moore. But. He became a champion professional kick boxer at the age of 35, in only nine months. He's VERY strong. YOUR job is to be as strong as he is..."
" I saw a seminar Trump gave, in which he said he applied to UCLA film school but was rejected. Then he went into the family business. Trump's older brother died of alcoholism. As far as I know, Trump hasn't said anything bad about his father. But the president went to military school, where he was considered the best cadet they ever had. He lettered in multiple sports and scored incredibly high in academics. I think it's fair to say that he was driven. He said that he learned a lot from his brother's death. The president treats all his children NOT as buddies but as partners. There's a difference. A SENIOR partner mentors. I believe that the president is a mentor but still a father. The only other father-son team I've seen in action are the British military historians Peter and Dan Snow. Like Trump and his children, they're partners, not competitors or best pals. It takes a VERY good father to navigate all that..."
" This is why we killed over 200 Russians in Syria. A T-72 main battle tank. The tank fires its main gun at our troops and our Syrian allies. The black ""cloud"" is the muzzle blast. This video is called ""forward-looking infrared"" (FLIR). There's ""white FLIR"" and ""black FLIR"". This is black FLIR. That means heat registers as black. An aerial munition hits the tank on turret roof, when the armor is thin. This was a missile, not a free-falling bomb. The black streak is the heat from the missile engine. The tank is totally destroyed. That black blob is a fireball. The heat completely fills the screen. There's nothing left of the tank. Other video shows artillery pieces firing at our troops. The Russians did this for THREE HOURS. We called them for THREE HOURS. They refused to stop. So they got what they deserved..."
" This is why I won't read Comey's stupid book. ""I don’t recall seeing [Trump] laugh, ever. Not during small talk before meetings. Not in a conversation. Not even here, during an ostensibly relaxed dinner.” ""I suspect his apparent inability to do so is rooted in deep insecurity, his inability to be vulnerable or to risk himself by appreciating the humor of others, which, on reflection, is really very sad in a leader, and a little scary in a president.” Do you know HOW GODDAM HARD it was for me to read JUST THAT? For one thing, it reads like Queen Victoria wrote it. ""I found it curious, and sad, that this giant of a man was, on reflection, a mere curlicue of abhorrent fastidiousness, upon whom one might, if so inclined, cast one's doubts--"" SHUT UP!!!!!!! Can you be MORE tedious, ? Who talks like that? Who writes like that? AND it's transparently FALSE. Trump is humorless and insecure? Did you forget THIS, Comey? has mastered one of the most difficult arts for a human: being campy and sincere and serious and over the top AT THE SAME TIME. When I elected the president, I didn't want a pal. I didn't want to dig into his personal life. I elected Donald Trump because I KNEW--after studying his record--that he would do everything he promised. The fact that he refused special-interest money sealed the deal. Comey's book is as dead as Queen Victoria. Donald Trump is the present and the future, while SIMULTANEOUSLY hearkening back to a previous era of unabashed Alpha male-hood. AND YET. There's also something totally nurturing about the president. He simply defies all attempts to categorize him. Comey's book would be a giant waste of time for me. How many times can one guy say the word ""prostitutes""? I tried really hard to read Reinhold Niebuhr. HE'S BORING. A German fortune cookie that won't stop yapping out cliches. ""The society in which each man lives is at once the basis for, and the nemesis of, that fullness of life which each man seeks."" HUH?! What the hell does THAT mean, Reinhold? ""Who are you to QUESTION ME? ANSWER! NOW!"" Is that any way for a religious scholar to talk? I just can't understand your point. My society is not my nemesis. That literally makes no sense. ""It makes all the sense in the wold to me. Hush now. Don't speak. Let's just sit here, the two of us, and exchange our thoughts on...prostitutes."" No, I'll take a pass, James. You said you're a lot funnier in person. Somehow I doubt that. If it's any consolation, I figured out why you're doing this. You obviously don't know. Reinhold? Speak! ""There is no level of moral achievement upon which man can have or actually has an easy conscience."" If It's any consolation, I can tell you why you're doing all this. Reinhold? Speak! ""There is no level of moral achievement upon which man can have or actually has an easy conscience."" This is classic postmodernism. And you took the logical route, Comey. Since no level of moral achievement will give you an easy conscience, why bother? If you don't tell Reinhold to cram it, he puts you on a toboggan ride into perdition. That's what happens when you let others tell you how to think. I'm perfectly happy with my flawed president. I know exactly what I'm getting with him. You, Comey, speak about morality and prostitutes peeing--over and over and over. Not a good sign. Glad you're off the job. We're all safer for it..."
" Here's all you need to know about Gloria Allred. Allred held a press conference because a baseball player did THAT to a some fans who were razzing him. Allred said that the action traumatized the two little girls in the family, and the player needed to apologize or fork over money. Got that? The action of the baseball bat through the circled fingers traumatized two little girls. They had nightmares and couldn't go to school. That action with the baseball bat was horrific and reprehensible, because it traumatized two little girls. These are the two little girls. I agree that they look traumatized. By Gloria Allred."
" No swimming. Not in the mood. So: What happened? The questions give you the answers. The Kurds were promising a fight to the last man and woman. Instead, they ran. ""As the Iraqi army advanced, thousands of people, including civilians and Peshmerga fighters, fled the disputed city."" ""It seems to be a complete withdrawal from the Peshmerga inside and around the city,"" said Al Jazeera's Charles Stratford. ""'Really surprising' was the speed with which Kirkuk had fallen as it took Iraqi forces only about 15 hours to capture the city."" ""By the side of the road...Peshmerga fighters demanding that their colleagues go back to Kirkuk and continue to try and defend it."" ""There were also signs of divisions among the Iraqi Kurds' two dominant factions..."" ""The Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) and the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK)..."" ""Just a day after their leaders put on a show of unity by rejecting a demand by Baghdad to cancel the outcome of the referendum."" What happened? The Kurds went up against the Gulf Cooperation Council and lost badly. The GCC has been doing this for years now. First, distraction: The GCC flooded social media with accounts of the Shia militia advancing on Kirkuk. In Reality, the Al-Hashd Al-Sha'abi were in Hawija, thirty miles from Kirkuk This was confirmed by the US, which remained oddly CALM during this crisis. Next, reports were circulated that Iran's top terrorist Qassem Suleimani would lead the attack on Kirkuk. In reality, Suleimani was killed in Syria in November of 2015. He's made no live appearances since then. The accusation is that the Al-Hashd Al-Sha'abi (PMU) remains loyal to Iran. False. US Army Major General Robert White, Combined Joint Forces Land commander for Operation Inherent Resolve: The PMU are ""the fourth cohort of the Iraqi Security Forces that are sanctioned by the government of Iraq."" ""And so they have been an integral part of the successes that the Iraqi Security Forces have had to date."" Without fanfare, the PMU pledged its support to Iraq, not Iran. This happened several months ago. So: The GCC created a massive distraction-deception operation using the PMU. ""The Iranians are coming!"" Then the GCC broke into Kurdish communications and ordered a retreat. GCC commandos disguised as Peshmerga infiltrated the Kurdish positions and issued false orders. Other commandos disguised as civilians spread rumors and disinformation in the city. ""The Iranians are slaughtering us! RUN!"" The Peshmerga retreated, and the Iraqis rolled in, securing Kirkuk without a fight. The GCC can do this whenever it wants. Syria. Turkey. Incirlik Air Base is 45 seconds from Anakara. The ""Turkish"" F-16s over the city had long-range fuel tanks and no bombs. This is how wars will now be fought. As I've told you over and over. Everybody needs to behave. You have no defenses against the Gulf Cooperation Council. None..."
" Hey! Look at this! The heads of the North Korean nuclear and missile programs have disappeared. ""It's highly likely that they were absent because they'd been given an important assignment.” Well... That's never happened before, and it's not how North Korea works. Little chance that the officials were removed from their positions. A 2.9-magnitude earthquake was detected in Sungjibaegam, near the site where previous nuclear tests were conducted. ""It's not thought to be caused by a nuclear bomb test. The Sept. 3 nuclear test yielded a 6.3 magnitude quake."" Wanna see something fascinating? This man is wearing the uniform of the Jordanian Special Forces. Does he look even remotely Arab to you? Or does he look Asian? Every year, Jordan has a military exercise called Eager Lion. Usually 20-30 nations participate. Beginning in 2015, Eager Lion concentrated on attacking heavily fortified installations. US B-52 Stratofortresses flew nonstop from Louisiana and back--a 35-hour mission. The non-American ground troops were trained in how to guide strategic bombers. Well, THEY DON'T HAVE strategic bombers. Except they do. Converted from C-17 Globemaster transports. This is from Eager Lion 2015. One of the Jordanian F-16s has a Texas Instruments AN/ASQ-213 HARM Targeting Systems (HTS) pod. That F-16 is a ""Wild Weasel,"" training in SEAD (suppression of enemy air defense). Let's recap: North Korea's top officials in the nuclear and missile programs have disappeared. There was a seismic event near the nuclear testing site that occurred ON THE SURFACE but was not a bomb. Our Middle Eastern allies have training for years to destroy heavily defended installations. Secretary Mattis mentioned secret ""kinetic capabilities,"" and he spoke of our need to fight ""from space."" A single video of a completely unknown weapon has emerged. IF--and that's a YUGE if--Trump is leading an international effort to destroy North Korea's offensive capabilities, we won't know. This man convinces me that Asian countries have been trained in Arab-style infiltration. The United Arab Emirates has a training camp that they say is run by South Korean Special Forces. The UAE says that the Korean Special Forces are training Emirati soldiers. BUT WHAT IF IT'S THE OTHER WAY AROUND? Ask any member of the military: These are INSTRUCTORS. And they're Arab. The entire video shows the South Koreans as STUDENTS. Whatever is happening in North Korea, Trump and our allies have it under control. No World War III. Mattis warned that the US and our allies have most ""rehearsed and robust"" offensive capabilities on Earth. So don't worry. is a magician. But for REAL. This is GENUINE magic, not an illusion. All will be well. ADDENDUM: I forgot that the Japanese had sent a large number of their Special Boarding Unit (SBU) to their base in Djibouti. The SBU is the Japanese Navy SEALs. The official story is that they went to Djibouti to protect shipping from pirates. My guess is that they went to Saudi Arabia and the UAE, where they were trained in infiltration and how to pass for North Koreans. ADDENDUM TWO: How the heck did I forget THIS? “We can’t let this to go on. We just can‘t. We cannot allow this to happen. This should have been taken care of long ago.”"
" A study in complete insanity. I'm blocking conspiracy theorists. Here's what they believe: This was an FBI gun-running operation that went south when the terrorists killed the informer and opened fire. For some reason the FBI in the next room did nothing, and the terrorists got away. Another theory: The hotel security guard who FOUND the shooter was actually the shooter himself. Another theory: There was a second gunman on the fourth floor, stationed where he couldn't see the target or shoot through the window. The people who are vomiting up this madness tell ME that it's impossible for the shooter to have accidentally shot himself. It took me several days to conclude that the mass murder accidentally shot himself. The conspiracy theorists base their conspiracies on NOTHING. Here's how I came to my conclusion: asked me about this photo. ""Why is the shooter's left foot under that rifle with a bipod?"" was the question. When I looked at the photo, I saw that the murderer was lying ON TOP of a rifle. It appears that the murderer was cut down in mid stride. The police said they BELIEVE he committed suicide. I've never heard cops express uncertainty like that. The death photo shows that the murderer shot himself in the mouth. He coughed out three gouts of blood and drowned on the fourth. His head is thrown back because he was trying to breathe. The police say that the murderer fired for ten minutes. Then a hotel security guard pounded on his door. The murderer fired through the door. Those were the last shots heard. The cops breached the door an hour later. The pools of blood were partially coagulated by that time. If the murder committed suicide, he did so in a weird place. Again, it appears that he was cut down in mid-stride. The cops say he had an escape plan and intended to live. So, theorized that the murderer panicked. He heard the pounding on the door, fired a rifle, and then inexpertly gathered up several rifles to move to another position. So he gathers up several rifles. He's wearing gloves, and he's holding a hammerless snub-nose pistol in his right hand. The rifles begin to slip, or he SLIDES ON SPENT CARTRIDGE CASES on the floor. He either tried to stop the rifle from falling, or he loses his balance. And he accidentally shoots himself in the mouth. The evidence supporting this is VERY STRONG. So, here's the deal: I'm not here to be a target, and I'm not on trial. If you don't agree with me, I DON'T CARE. I'm going to train you folks to be more like me. Keep your opinions to yourself unless asked. And guess what? I'm NOT ASKING FOR YOUR OPINION. You can take this or leave it. You can ASK SERIOUS QUESTIONS in good faith. Belligerent people will be blocked. Sneering a-holes will be blocked. Anyone who insults me or will be blocked. I'm not barging into the orgy of conspiracy mongering. So don't barge into MY theory to insult me. You've been warned."
" and show the is right: The Middle East is a family, and western powers must not interfere. When the mullahs are gone, THIS will happen regionally. When everyone is free, we'll all learn that the greatest obstacle to peace was the US State Department. But the future Middle East won't be subject to interference from the outside..."
" NOW I'm angry. So I'll explain my investment strategy. I was talking about democratic socialists, like the Norwegians. Culturally, they follow the Law of Jante. The Law of Jante states that individual achievement is unacceptable and inappropriate. The Ten Rules of the Law of Jante. So a guy asked me about investment, and I told him what I buy and why I'm optimistic. GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? A leftist told me that it's IRRESPONSIBLE for me to tell others how I invest. Why did he do that? Because I use something called ""closed-end mutual funds"" (CEF). For some damn reason, nobody knows about them. That leftist thus invoked the Law of Jante: Since HE doesn't know about CEF, then it's irresponsible for ME to talk about them. Classic democratic socialist. This guy said that it's not possible that I get a 10 percent return. He said if I DID get a 10 percent return, I would've started a hedge fund and become a billionaire by now. Well, puny minds can't this, but the fact is I'm not interested in being a billionaire. I'm not interested in running a hedge fund. Instead, I'll tell everyone FOR FREE what I do. So SCREW YOU, democratic socialist who I blocked. Now, a CEF is a mutual fund. These are offered by investment companies. Open-end mutual funds are pool of moneys collected from many investors. Professional money managers buy securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and other assets. So what you do is go to T. Rowe Price, for example, and give them $10,000. They invest that in open-end mutual funds that are sold publicly. The value of the funds grows, and your $10,000 becomes $11,000. Risky investments give you a higher yield, but they can crap out on you. The company offering the securities goes belly up. Then your $10,000 becomes $7,000. These are all ""paper losses."" They don't exist until you sell. Managers of open-end mutual funds keep buying and buying and buying. So your investment grows based on the amount of securities you own and how much each is worth. Closed-end mutual funds (CEF) are similar to their open-end buddies in that they rely on pooled money. However, the funds are traded like stocks. There's an initial public offering (IPO) and a fixed number of shares issued. So you go to a manager with $10,000, and they buy shares in several companies. You hold on to them. Open-end mutual funds are bought and sold. CEFs are bought once. The value increases based on market forces. For whatever cockamamie reason, ""experts"" will tell you that CEFs are not a good way to increase your investments. BULL. I'm getting about a 10 percent return with minimal risk. You have to find good ""fund families."" They take your $10,000 and they buy shares in a field: an industry, a geographic market, or a sector. Your investment is diversified: You don't put everything into one company. Good fund families: Nuveen, Eaton Vance, and BlackRock. When the market goes down, you STILL get income. It's really quite easy to do. The stock market is the only place where you're going to grow your investment. What's happening now is that corporations have the confidence to hire and expand, so it's a great time to invest. Everything I was ever told about investing turned out to be wrong. I buy. I never sell. NOBODY can ""time"" the market. If they tell you they can, they're lying. So: I just gave away for free everything I do. I'm no guru. BUT. It APPEARS that commercial investors are beginning to notice CEFs, which will make their value skyrocket. Just look up ""closed-end mutual fund families"" and see which ones have the best performance. You can do it all by yourself. Who else tells you that YOU DON'T NEED THEM? You don't need me. YOU can do it. All will be well. Trust yourself. And to hell with all democratic socialists. Ha."
" Why am I not interested in resuming my failed writing career? Because of this. This is a completely dishonest review of my book. The book is about my career as an interviewer of mostly BASS PLAYERS. There are seven interludes with one of the greatest bassists in history, Scott Thunes (TOO-niss), who played for Frank Zappa. Thunes did the bass line for ""Valley Girl."" That's one of the classic bass lines of all time. The book is a goldmine for bassists. But reviewers trash books JUST BECAUSE THEY CAN. So screw that. I had it happen with my novel too. The obese, neo-feminist reviewer wrote that my female characters were not believable. Since the characters are based on REAL PEOPLE, I don't know how much more believable they could be. When I wrote on my blog that the reviewer was hypocrite who wore low-cut blouses to show off her giant knockers, she went after me. She filed a fraudulent complaint under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, our most draconian law. This is the only law in the US in which guilt is presumed, and the defendant must prove his innocence. Simply filing a complaint requires that the target immediately remove the offending material and then PROVE fair use. I removed the material but then made sure that the neo-feminist knew that I'd documented her fraudulence. The penalty for filing a fraudulent claim is 20 years in federal prison. So to scare her, I told her this: I won't tell the government that the claim was fraudulent if you send me photos of you having sex with your demented boss. See, the boss got involved. I'm sure she got her job the old-fashioned way. Once they were both scared crapless, I told them I was kidding. But I burned all my bridges. I'm sure I'm blacklisted. I don't care. It's too much trouble trying to publish books. You have to deal with lying swine who demand that you grovel. What it comes down to is reviews are usually angry failed writers. I'M A failed writer, but I'm not angry about it. There are other things in life besides fame and fans..."
" We need to make things as clear as day: Representative Nunes is Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. HE conducted an investigation into FBI and Department of Justice abuses of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA). What apparently happened is that the FBI and DOJ under Obama used FISA as a pretext to spy on Trump, his staff, and others. The memo in question is a four-page summary that NUNES wrote. The Intelligence Committee voted to allow ALL members of the House to read it. Democrats claim that the memo is ""unsubstantiated Republican talking points."" The memo is based on classified material that ONLY NUNES and a couple of others have seen. Republicans asked Paul Ryan to release the memo, and he punted. He said that NUNES must release it. As of this moment, the Intelligence Committee is determining WHAT can be released, since the material is classified. Some Republicans say the memo reveals Intelligence Community ""sources and methods,"" while others say that it doesn't. The members of the Intelligence Committee are determining what if any of the memo they'll redact, and then the House has to vote on it, and then it goes to Trump for his approval. Trump can declassify the entire memo if he wants. The fact that he HASN'T should tell you that there's a strategy involved in this. Timing is probably in play here. The memo itself is important, of course, but this issue is going to be used for something else that will damage the Democrats. At any rate, someone spilled the beans to Nunes. Someone in the FBI, and someone in the DOJ. THAT'S how he got the information that abuses took place. Nunes saw EVIDENCE of abuses. That means somebody in the Obama administration SAVED THE PROOF. We may never find out WHO saved the evidence, but it had to be somebody very high up. The FBI answers to the DOJ. Therefore somebody very high up in the Obama FBI is almost certainly the person who preserved the evidence and told Nunes. It all comes down to Trump. He gets to decide what is revealed and what remains classified... ADDENDUM: Now the Intelligence Committee is saying that Nunes AND OTHERS wrote the memo. "
" All righty! Got some people insisting that this flamethrower isn't real. That's my MOCKUP of the actual weapon, which has never been photographed. It's called a ""pyrophoric slug"" flamethrower. Here's the patent. Has a cloth fuel tank to make it soundless. The flamethrower is as accurate as a rifle. It's used to incinerate the explosive vests and belts of suicide bombers. People scoff, but they can't tell me what kind of outfit THIS guy is wearing. Looks remarkably similar to the protective suit British flamethrower sappers wore in World War I. Now the evidence that this weapon exists and is being used. Multiple videos show burned car bombs. Behind THIS one is the burned driver. The bulletproof window in front of the driver was shot out, and then pyrophoric slugs were fired into the compartment. The driver managed to bail out, but he didn't get very far. The explosives in the car burned up. That's a car bomb. Next, a suicide bomber. His trouser legs and face are intact. The heat was so intense that his...juices boiled out of him. A closeup. His right hand is perfectly intact, while his left has been burned off. No known flamethrower has this signature. There are dozens of videos of dead terrorists with this identical wound pattern. Their suicide vests or belts were incinerated. The flamethrower would have to fire pyrophoric slugs at a VERY fast rate in order to incinerate the explosives. The weapon would also have to be very accurate. So it's obvious that the device operates like a rifle. You can't incinerate explosives with incendiary bullets. They don't work fast enough. As you can see, this terrorist was hit with material that burned much hotter than napalm or white phosphorus. Also, the material burned out so quickly that the terrorist's trouser legs were left intact. So there's your evidence. This new flamethrower is as real as Harvey Weinstein. Imagine the puddle HE'D leave if hit with pyrophoric slugs... ADDENDUM: Intact trouser legs and HAIR. Note that his clothing disintegrated from the heat. One rifle magazine is burned. And one more, Like the others, parts of him are burned to charcoal and parts are unscathed. He's lost his right arm. Holding a detonation switch? The pyrophoric slugs appear capable of burning like acid completely through a person..."
" I believe that the old commando in this image is an Iraqi Jew, a veteran of the IDF. He has a very dry, ironic, Jewish sense of humor. Note the soldier the left. The old commando always covered his head indoors, and he had a VOIP phone. The phone is Israeli. Virtually all the Iraqi Jews fled to Israel. The Iraqis have asked them to come back. I think they will someday. From October of 2015, the Iraqi armed forces became stunningly skilled. They became FAR more skilled than we westerners were able to help them become. It's confirmed that they were trained in Jordan. I'm positive that they were trained in Saudi Arabia and the UAE as well. And I think the young commandos above were probably trained in Israel. Then their trainer came back with them. All those years of war and suffering are almost over. The region took a wrong turn a long time ago, but that period is ending. As Mohammed bin Salman said, the people want to live in ""normal countries."" He chose his words carefully. He said it's time for Arab countries to make great contributions. The wars aren't forgotten, but I'm sure they're now over for good..."
" Well, here's what I'll say about it. When I lived in Japan from 1985 to 1991, every single Japanese I met? They always spoke about World War II. Didn't matter how young they were. We fought World War II with the technology, strategies, and tactics available at the time. AND we weren't as ruthless as people believe. For example, Curtis LeMay dropped warning leaflets before were bombed. They told civilians to leave the cities. The downside of total war is incalculable in terms of the trauma it inflicts on both the losers and the winners. Germany and Japan still pretty much hate us, regardless of what they say. The Germans are revising history like mad. ""Well, you were never bombed like we were!"" There's a movement to make NAZI GERMANY the victim. Look at all these Brits saying that they're ashamed of defeating the Nazis. Total war plays into the hands of totalitarians. Enslavement becomes moral. ""I may be a slave, but at least I didn't lose my humanity!"" This is why I prefer the Second Revolution in Military Affairs (2RMA). You kill the FEWEST number of people--including combatants. It takes much longer, but I think the results are worth the effort. Japan was a weird place. I got the sense that given a chance, the Japanese would do the same thing all over again. Same with Germany. But I feel that there's been a sea change in Iraq. They're still fighting the Islamic State four years on, but the casualties are far lower than in any other conflict the Iraqis fought. My own view is that mass killing creates more problems than it solves. BUT. I only began thinking that in 2015, AFTER learning about the 2RMA..."
" Important op-ed. ""Yemen’s Al Houthis, with the full backing of Iran, are crossing some dangerous red lines."" ""Bahraini Foreign Minister Shaikh Khalid Bin Ahmad Al Khalifa said the missiles fired by Al Houthis were from Iran."" ""'The Al Houthi missiles are Iranian. Self-incrimination. Iran will know the fate awaiting it,' he tweeted."" ""At a time when measures are being discussed to end the conflict, the action by Al Houthis clearly shows they — and their masters in Tehran — are clearly not interested in a political settlement."" ""Al Houthis have to realise the coalition will not allow them to spread Iran’s agenda in the region."" The Saudis actually held secret meetings with the Houthis. OF COURSE people criticized this. But. AFTER the meetings, the Houthis fired seven ballistic missiles at Saudi Arabia. The Houthis were ordered to do so by the Iranian mullahs. The secret meetings were a setup. The Saudis PROVED that the only solution is regime change in Iran. People ask, ""Don't they know ___________?"" Well, both my parents had Stage IV metastatic cancer that they denied. My father died before he accepted his cancer. My mother accepted it only hours before she went into her final coma. From January 16 until October 13 of 2013, I spoke with two people who had cancer and denied it so vehemently that they began attacking me. Their position was, ""This is not happening."" Period. The Iranian mullahs are the same. The mullahs have SAID--and I don't know if they believe it per se--that God is on their side, and they will win. If you study the European born Islamist terrorists, you find that they drink, smoke, hook up, and commit crimes. But they profess to be pious jihadists. This isn't rational thought. The Gulf Cooperation Council has embarked on a project of supreme rationality: Saving the Middle East. The architects of the GCC project are clear-eyed, hardheaded, pragmatical intellectuals who want only one thing: Improvement. There's no place for an irrational state actor in the new Middle East. Therefore the mullahs MUST go. I can't tell you HOW, exactly, the mullahs will go. The Iranian people will remove them. With help. The Iranian government--after the mullahs--will call for the people to determine the future of Iran. And the GCC will not interfere. The Iranians will choose to be a part of the new Middle East. And this dark period will be put behind us. But this is an unambiguous statement of fact: ""Al Houthis have to realise the coalition will not allow them to spread Iran’s agenda in the region."" That means that the coalition will help the Iranians overthrow the mullahs. End of ONE story, and the beginning of a much BETTER story..."
" See? Exactly what I said. Kabuki to bolster Kim toi make sure that the world doesn't think we're twisting his arm. You can always count on RT to fall into every single trap that Trump sets for them. ""North Korea has already demonstrated the strength of its negotiating position."" Oh yes! You betcha. ""That's not the only way that the North has demonstrated that it means business!"" We're offering Kim the opportunity to break free from China and lead his country into economic prosperity. The North Korean ""demands"" are window dressing that are easily accommodated, because the end result is REGIONAL PEACE. In the past, American presidents said, ""We're not going to legitimize North Korea by meeting with their leaders."" So North Korea became a nuclear power and perfected intercontinental ballistic missiles. Trump first got their attention by using their own rhetoric against them. But we were secretly talking to them for almost a year. Here's what will happen: Trump will rig it so that KIM gets all the glory. Kim will become the The Man Who Brought Peace to the Pacific. Trump will thank him and call him a great man, and US companies will invest in North Korea. The Chinese are pressuring Kim to not go to the summit. So Trump said, ""Okay. Whatever. We've got other stuff we can do."" Everything the US is doing is designed to take pressure OFF Kim Jon-un. I have no doubt that he and Trump are already talking. Trump would NEVER put Kim in the position of having to be perfect at their first meeting. The stakes are too high. The Trump-Bolton ""disagreement"" was actually worked out WITH the North Koreans. Bolton and Trump were talking about TWO DIFFERENT THINGS. This allowed the North Koreans to AGREE while appearing to REJECT. The North Koreans said, ""We will never submit to such a horrible indignity!"" And Trump said, ""We'd never do that to you. Honest!"" And the world said, ""Boy, the North Koreans really showed Trump! Listen to him change his tune!"" Total strategic deception in plain sight. The Chinese want power. Trump wants FUNCTIONAL RELATIONSHIPS. The Chinese offer slavery. Trump offers not only freedom but protection. He said this in plain language. FACE is vital to East Asians, and the Koreans have been abused by everybody in the region. Therefore every day that Kim ""makes Trump worry"" is a day that brings ALL Koreans closer to putting the past behind them. Trump and Kim will work it out. Just watch..."
" All right. Combined Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve. The CJTF has given press conferences weekly since 2014. We've just emerged from a MONTH of silence. And the spokesman--Colonel Ryan Dillon--is in Kuwait. Dillon is based in Baghdad. What's been going on? LOTS. ""Despite recent claims from Russia that Syria is free from ISIS terror, the SDF [Syrian Democratic Forces] are still meeting resistance from ISIS fighters in the region."" ""Syrian regime commanders in eastern Syria suggest that ISIS fighters from the MERV [Middle Euphrates River Valley] may have slipped through porous Syrian and Russian defenses to arrive in areas near Damascus."" How do we know what Syrian regime commanders are saying? Because we're talking to them. In Kuwait. We're not going to make the same mistake we made in Iraq. Assad will leave, but the government and armed forces will remain in place. Then the SYRIANS will decide what to do. Back to Colonel Dillon. ""A milestone was met Monday, December 11th, when the SDF reached the border of Iraq, linking up with Iraqi Security Forces that were completing their clearance of ISIS from the final pockets in Iraq."" This means that Iraq recognizes the legitimacy of the SDF, which will form the nucleus of the new Syrian armed forces. We told Turkey to cram it, and Iraq told Iran to cram it. Consider it crammed. Here's your proof that the Gulf Cooperation Council fought in Iraq on the side of the Iraqis: ""In November, the coalition began training Iraqi military leaders in medical planning for military operations, as well as providing combat medic training to the Iraqi Ministry of Defence."" It's not possible that the Iraqis fought from November of 2015 to November of 2017 without medics. The GCC provided medics and field hospitals. From 2014 to 2017, the CJTF killed 70,000 Islamic State terrorists. There are about 3000 left alive in the field. And now the end of Bashar al-Assad's rule of terror: ""Syrian commanders in Damascus are calling out the other elements of his military."" So everything is coming to an end. The Houthis have lost 11,000 fighters in two ground offensives over the past week. The Qatari royal family is demanding that the emir change his behavior. And now Assad's own commanders are criticizing him and his armed forces. ""There have been elements on the ground that have linked up from the Syrian Democratic Forces and the Syrian regime."" That's it. That's the end of Assad's rule. And in Iraq, the leaders of the Popular Mobilization Units--former allies of Iran--are telling their men to turn in their weapons and pledge their allegiance to the Iraqi government. So the news is as good as it can get. Here's the most important part: The GCC has mastered both UNCONVENTIONAL and CONVENTIONAL warfare. The ground offensives in Yemen involve tanks, light armor, and self-propelled artillery. If it becomes necessary, the GCC will be able to roll up Hezbollah in about 24 hours. They did it TWICE in Yemen in the past week or so. The Houthis likely had a TOTAL of 50,000 fighters. The Coalition killed 11,000 of them in the past week. Lebanese Hezbollah needs to disarm. Otherwise they're all going to die. In a 24-hour period..."
" PERFECT! owns the media AGAIN. ""The U.S. has suspended aid to the Syrian humanitarian group known as the White Helmets, the State Department confirmed to ABC News."" So an Explosive Diarrhea Hair On Fire Moment beings. And our pals at the Swill. GUESS WHAT? IT'S NOT TRUE! But such is the power of Donald Trump that CNN reports the fake news and the REAL story simultaneously, without being able to see it. The REAL story? ""In an interview with CBS News, the chairman of the White Helmets, Raed Al-Saleh, said the freeze came as a shock."" He's in on it. Why do I say that? ""But in a subsequent statement issued Friday, Saleh said the group does not receive direct funding from the United States, but rather, 'from organizations and associations.'"" ""'Our work hasn't been disrupted and all the projects we are working on will not be halted,' he added, 'and our volunteers are still operating on the ground.'"" So it's a completely fake story. This tells us that something BIG is happening in the Middle East. The way it works is that big steps are taken, and then the slow erosion continues. Trump gives our allies cover for the crucial big steps. Now, it LOOKS LIKE something called Zoodnews began putting out videos two weeks ago. You don't have to understand Farsi to get the humor. Watch the woman interpreting in sign language. There's also a female anchor. They film in front of a green screen. The outtakes are great. It seems that Iranians are getting lighter in spirit. My guess is that things are much further along than we realize. It truly IS a different world. Freeing people without war? That's a first in human history. BUT. The Middle East is ready. There are so many young people that they can grasp the new notion of nationalistic internationalism. BEFORE, nations proved themselves by conquering. NOW, nations are proving themselves by...improving. What is there to oppose? That's why this Great Change will be successful. It offers nothing but happiness, stability, and peace. We've waited a long, long time for this. And now it's here..."
" Exactly. You were speaking about Catholicism. I was raised a Catholic. The religion teaches that genuine remorse for wrongdoing enables a person to atone. Words BY THEMSELVES don't mean anything. Years ago Tom Cruise criticized Brooke Shields for taking medication for postpartum depression. What didn't get AS MUCH news was that he went to her house and apologized to her privately. She said that he was completely sincere, and that she accepted his apology. They kept his words PRIVATE. That tells me that Cruise was sincere. He didn't do a big public mea culpa."
" Why is it so important that President Trump and his allies were able to identify and stop all the leakers in the intelligence community? ""For years, a clandestine U.S. intelligence team had tracked a man they knew was high in the leadership of al Qaeda."" ""Their pursuit was personal, and by early 2014, according to a source directly involved in the operation, the agency had the target under tight drone surveillance."" ""'We literally had a bead on this guy’s head and just needed authorization from Washington to pull the trigger,' said the source."" ""Abdullah al-Shami, it turned out, was an American citizen, and President Obama and his national security advisers were torn over whether the benefits of killing him would outweigh the political and civil liberties backlash that was sure to follow."" ""CIA agents were shocked when their classified drone surveillance against al-Shami suddenly appeared in 2014 reports by The Associated Press and The New York Times, one source told The Times."" ""'There’s no question this guy got wind of the reports,' said the source. 'The leak gave him a heads-up, and he suddenly disappeared. We lost our bead on him.'"" Compare the Clown Apocalypse of the Obama administration to the unprecedented professionalism of the Trump administration. "" U.S. Central Command announced today that U.S. forces have conducted multiple ground operations and more than 120 strikes this year to remove key leaders and disrupt the ability of al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula and ISIS-Yemen to use ungoverned spaces in Yemen."" Obama's clowns couldn't keep just ONE operation secret. Under Trump, we've had multiple ground operations and 120 air strikes in Yemen this year. NO LEAKS. The Obama administration was a complete FLOP. Eight years of lies, corruption, cronyism, and failure. I no doubt whatsoever that Michael Flynn is the mastermind behind the Trump administration Leak Killers. The proof is NO LEAKS. People who leak don't suddenly develop a conscience. Somebody does THIS to them. Thank you for the pliers, General. I wish I were the one using them... "
" Nobody knows how anything works. People think that Trump is making guesses. That's because people are utterly ignorant of what's happening. YouTube deleted the Kurdish news channel Anha, so all its video went up in smoke. But I have screen shots. The bombing of an Islamic State emir. Kurds filmed it from miles away. The first aerial munition. The second aerial munition. The third aerial munition is a GBU-39 Small Diameter Bomb. How do ensure accuracy when you drop precision-guided munitions? You use Joint Terminal Attack Controllers (JTACs). Airmen on the ground. The Islamic State emir was bombed in Manbij, many miles behind enemy lines. The Kurds filmed it from a hill. THIS is the JTAC who called in the air strikes. He was in the trees, on a motorcycle, right next to the emir's heavily guarded house. There's no doubt whatsoever that he was an Arab commando. THAT is how they operate. They disguise themselves as terrorists or SYRIAN TROOPS or IRANIANS or HEZBOLLAH, and they stand in the midst of the enemy or nearby. Now, if you don't know about JTACs, and if you don't know how Arab JTACs operate, then you have no business commenting on what's happening in Syria. You can THINK whatever you want. The reality is that you KNOW NOTHING, so your opinions are worthless. We're not GUESSING or being FOOLED. The most highly trained and courageous men and women in history are on the ground in Syria. Twitter users need to stop blathering. It's embarrassing..."
" Almost certainly ""Yes."" Congress was making a lot of noise about repealing the Authorization for the Use of Military Force (AUMF) in place since 2001. Trump completely outfoxed them by giving Mattis the authority to determine troops levels. That's a first in US history. Previous presidents have ALWAYS relished the title Commander-in-Chief. Therefore the military had to spend tons of time INCLUDING the president. The movie The American President has a scene in which the president has to decide how to retaliate against a terrorist attack. It's a deeply STUPID scene. Yak-yak-yak-yak-yak. People with no military experience waste time putting their two cents. In Yemen, the Saudi and Emirati commanders of Special Forces were betrayed. They were killed with a ballistic missile. Before the dust settled, OTHER commanders launched attacks that took the Houthis off guard. The commanders on the ground had the authority to act on their own initiative. They used the shock of the attack AGAINST THE ATTACKERS. I can't think of another case in which this has happened. The speed of the counterattack caught the attackers off guard. No time was wasted on grief or anger. THAT'S how armed forces should function. Politicians have squandered their trust, as showed. Therefore Trump bypasses them. As he SHOULD."
" Yes and no. The Turks don't need to be persuaded. Here's how everything has been going since 2012: The west does things the way it's always done, and the Saudis and their allies pretend to go along. And the whole time, the Saudis are chipping, chipping, chipping away. So Trump is playing the part that he's been asked to play. This plan is very old-school, and it assumes that Assad will remain in power. You've seen how people react to my theories. They think I'm totally insane. GOOD! My guess is that Assad, the mullahs, and Putin keep seeing the truth and then keep talking themselves out of it because it's such a radical departure from the past. Trump asked for that plan, BUT the Pentagon says the troops are going nowhere. What does that tell you? Trump and Mattis are confusing the hell out of our enemies. Here's what NBC reported. ""Israel carried out airstrikes against a Syrian air base early Monday morning and informed the U.S. in advance, two U.S. officials told NBC News."" Nope. The Saudis went in by troop transport and killed everybody involved in the gassing operations. People bitch about the Trump administration not having a ""coherent position."" I'll bet you my new house in Vegas that the Saudis, their allies, and Macron know EXACTLY what's up. Macron actually has gigantic balls. He's put French forces in combat all over the world WITHOUT TALKING ABOUT IT. French artillerymen using precision-guided rounds were instrumental in defeating the Islamic State in Mosul. The narrative is that Trump was going to pull out of Syria, and then there was a ""false flag"" to keep us there. Or to start World War III. Or both. I find this sort of talk too boring to even contemplate. The reality is FAR more exciting than any movie. Trump is hogging the limelight to distract from our allies' actions, AND he's buying them time. I still think the mullahs, Hezbollah, and Assad will all be dealt with simultaneously. Nobody's expecting that, so that's why I think it's going to happen. I'm learning to think like the Saudis. Qui audet adipiscitur. ""Who dares, wins..."""
" Anachronism: a thing belonging or appropriate to a period other than that in which it exists. a chronological misplacing of persons, events, objects, or customs in regard to each other Americans use the solidus or slant line or slash to write dates. 3/4/81. People began using the hyphen (-) due to the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which issued ISO 8601. ISO 8601 provides an unambiguous and well-defined method of representing dates and times. This is important when data is transferred between countries with different conventions for writing numeric dates and times. ISO 8601 was issued in...1988. Prior to 1988, teenagers didn't use the hyphen in dates. This is the same anachronism that exposed the yearbook as a hoax. Look up correspondence on Google Images. Most older Americans still use the slash. The ""card"" is a hoax... ADDENDUM: caught what I missed. See the orange theater ticket? It says ""CHILD"" on it. Debbie Gibson is 54 today. That means she was 18 in 1981. Thus Gibson provides a fake signature, fake handwriting, and a fake theater ticket above her fake paragraph about dating Roy Moore. Truly incredible. The party of ZERO principles. Win at ANY cost..."
" Yup. Here we go. Behold the hunter-killer team. From ""Russian-Manufactured Armored Vehicle Vulnerability in Urban Combat: The Chechnya Experience,"" by Lester M. Grau, Foreign Military Studies Office, Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. ""The Chechen lower-level combat group consists of 15 to 20 personnel subdivided into three or four-man fighting cells. These cells consist of an antitank gunner (normally armed with the RPG-7 or RPG-18 shoulder-fired antitank rocket launcher), a machine gunner and a sniper."" ""Chechen combat groups would deploy these cells as anti-armor hunter-killer teams. The sniper and machine gunner would pin down the supporting infantry while the antitank gunner would engage the armored target."" ""The Chechen forces developed effective techniques to defeat Russian armored vehicles on the streets of a large city."" ""Many of their techniques can be adapted by other armed forces which might fight Russian-manufactured armored vehicles (or other types of armored vehicles) in urban combat. These techniques are:"" ""Organize anti-tank hunter-killer teams which include a machine gunner and a sniper to protect the anti-tank gunner by suppressing infantry which is accompanying the armored vehicles."" This is a Kurdish fire team. Rocket-propelled grenade gunner. Machine gunner. And on the right is a guy with long-barrel AK-47 rifle. It's used to take long-range shots. So the Kurds are using the tactics that stopped the Russians in their tracks. But. NOW the guys with commandos attached to them are arriving. What did we tell the Turks? ""We're not involved in this. Good luck."" The Turks are going to go home pretty soon. That's my guess..."
" The hysteria over the ""false flag"" chemical attack is very funny. You idiots were taken in by a REAL false flag, one of the few ever actually proven. And guess who figured it out? We begin with this. The video was posted July 12, 2017. Soleimani says, ""They beheaded a child in eastern Aleppo. It was such a freakish scene to witness. They were laughing like it was some kind of joke."" ""They asked the child, ""Shall we behead you or shoot you dead? And they beheaded the child."" Soleimani was talking about THIS incident. The murder was said to have taken place July 19, 2016. US-backed rebels Hayakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki were the murderers. The Syrian government said that the victim was a 12-year-old Palestinian. That was a lie. He was 19-year-old Abdullah al-Issa, a Syrian Arab Army soldier who suffered from thalassemia. We have photos that prove that al-Issa was indeed a soldier.0 Al-Issa had a cast on his leg, and he had an IV line in his arm. Now I'll prove to you that this was an Iranian-Syria false flag. Qassem Suleimani was killed in Syria in early November of 2015. There's no doubt. This is the last known photo of him alive. Suleimani has not made ONE VIDEO APPEARANCE in which he speaks of Donald Trump. The Iranians are hiding the fact that he's dead. The videos of the murder of Abdullah al-Issa show that Suleimani was talking about THAT incident. Suleimani is quoting dialog from the videos. Therefore Abdullah al-Issa was murdered BEFORE November of 2015. The clothing and mud in the videos indicate the spring of 2015. The Syrians and Iranians handed Abdullah al-Issa to jihadist rebels so that they could murder him. And then US would have a PR catastrophe on their hands. Which we did. How do I know that the jihadists murdered Abdullah al-Issa in mid-2015? Look at the men involved. The murder is said to have taken place on July 17 or 19, 2016. See the bearded man at the bottom of the screen? Here he is discussing the murder in July of 2016. He's aged ten years. Now look at the man on the right in the baseball cap. Distinctive front teeth. Here he is a month after the murder. His arm, shoulders, and chest are covered with massive HEALED burn scars. This is one of the only false flags ever PROVEN to have taken place. The Syrians and Iranians murdered Abdullah al-Issa. He was taken from a MILITARY HOSPITAL. Assad and the mullahs will kill ANYONE. They have no scruples. They aren't human. Don't talk to me about ""false flags."" YOU are as easily led as children. I always knew that this murder was suspicious. So I actually took months to PROVE that it was staged. Let's see some of YOU people do that instead of simply barking like trained seals..."
" A message to conspiracy theorists. First, says what I feel: Second, you conspiracy theorists have no blooming CLUE how skilled people can be when they HAVE TO BE. This is garbage. The sound of the gunfire doesn't synch up with the ""muzzle flashes."" If this were a conspiracy, the second gunman wouldn't use a weapon that produces visible muzzle flashes. Flash suppressors can make gunshots virtually invisible. You social-media detectives ALWAYS INSTANTLY uncover another Deep State Eep Op Ork Ah Ah False Flag. Trust me: The government is perfectly capable of carrying out false flags that NONE of you will detect. Seen any footage of the combat in Raqqa? We're in the middle of it, yet the operations security (OPSEC) is perfect. Look how much has happened. Nearly all of that damage was caused by Assad, jihadist rebels, and the Islamic State. The US and our allies are FAR ahead of what YOU realize. It's not possible to determine what's real and what isn't. This is from a report by the BBC. That's not a bug. It's shaped like a pie wedge, flying with the wide end in front. It's a nanodrone. In the al-Shahid report, a silent man stares intently at the Syrian Democratic Forces spokesman. The silent man lifts his hand to his throat. Kind of a...CAREFUL gesture, isn't it? Like a signal, maybe? Surprise! And then...the silent watcher tracks the ""bug"" with his eyes. Coincidence? Did he signal someone? Or is he CONTROLLING IT HIMSELF with something around his neck? It's another square wedge. Another flying piece of pie. Conspiracy theorists are living in the past. We're fighting entire wars in total secrecy, using sci-fi technology. If the government DID pull off a Deep State Black Eep Op Ork Ah Ah False Flag, YOU'D NEVER KNOW ABOUT IT. So shut up. You're just being stupid..."
" Here's an old joke. It shows how condescension is a two-way street. President Kennedy is introduced to two African leaders. ""Mr. President, this is Minister Uvuvwevwevwe Onyetenyvwe Ugwemubwem Osas."" ""Pleased to meet you. ""And this is Minister Kkwazzawazzakkwaquikkwalaquaza ?'* Zzabolazza."" ""Pleased to meet you."" Kennedy leaves, the door closes, and the two ministers burst into hysterical laughter. ""KENNEDY! Oh my God! Have you ever heard a funnier name in your life? And his parents named him 'JOHN'?! I could barely control myself!"" Do you know Anthony Bourdain? He's a celebrity chef who's become more and more political. His politics are boilerplate leftist. No thought whatsoever given to them. Bourdain was once the victim of a savage practical joke by...bushmen. They fed him a half-raw warthog and told him he had to eat the intestines, which were full of fecal matter. They also made him eat an ostrich egg cooked on hot sand. So Bourdain ate sand, raw wart hog, and fecal matter. He didn't notice that his white guide was crying with laughter, and none of the bushmen ate any of that junk. Bourdain said it was the worst meal he'd ever eaten. There's a line from ""Black Hawk Down"": ""Don't think that because I grew up without running water that I am simple, General."" Bushmen can tell when someone is being patronizing. So they made him eat fecal matter. Trump's great skill is in not seeing a lack of running water. He sees HUMANS with whom he can make deals. It doesn't matter to Trump if that person is in a palace or a tent. That's why nobody will ever feed Trump fecal matter..."
" Read the story for yourself. Here it is. None of the ""reporters"" saw any evidence. They relied on ""people who read the e-mails."" The New Yorker story presents no facts. In the case of Harvey Weinstein, we have an audio tape. This is the state of journalism today: EVERYBODY knew about Weinstein but didn't write about him. EVERY story about the Trumps is based on anonymous sources. The New Yorker gives us NO EVIDENCE. NOTHING CONCRETE about the Trumps has been leaked. Remember we were promised an audio tape of Trump using racial slurs? wants you to think that the New Yorker story about the Trumps and the story about Weinstein are the same. But the New Yorker gives us NO EVIDENCE about the Trumps. The Weinstein tape speaks for itself..."
" OF COURSE! figured it out. These are members of the Hamas Internal Security Service, killed yesterday and identified as civilians. The Internal Security Service is the Hamas paramilitary organization that oppresses Gazans. They're tasked with finding ""collaborators"" and stamping out dissent. These guys are NOT members of the Izz al-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the armed wing of Hamas. In other words, these aren't the guys who carried out these attacks. The timeline. GUESS WHO IS BEHIND ALL OF THIS? ""There is a prohibition for Hamas operatives to approach the border, from a fear that they will be killed or captured by IDF troops, unless the security fence falls and then they must enter, armed, into Israel under the cover of the masses and carry out terror attacks."" Israeli snipers are VERY GOOD. But ask any sniper: Can you pick out a target among 40,000 rioters who lit hundreds of tires on fire and who are throwing Molotov cocktails and hand grenades? And don't forget the tear gas. ALL OF THAT would it impossible to target individuals who are disguised. So there's only one answer: Men on the Palestinian side killed the terrorists. The Palestinians made the elementary mistake of allowing masks. Hamas's Internal Security Service was there to supervise and tell the Izz al-Din al-Qaasam Brigades when to attack. The security men were all killed. This is SO GREAT. It didn't even occur to me that this would happen, but it's clearly the case. From January 2016 to October 2017, someone blew up 28 Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad attack tunnels IN GAZA. Those same men came back and helped foil a mass breach of the border. If the border had been breached, and 40,000 people poured through, we would've had a REAL bloodbath. Remember the Knife Intifada? The casualty figure of 58 civilians killed and 2700 wounded is totally bogus. This was one of Gaza's hospitals yesterday, according to al-Jazeera. CBS reported ""total chaos"" at the scene yesterday. There's absolutely no way that snipers could have picked out ringleaders. This guy was shot. He's wearing gloves and some kind of helmet, and he was standing on a sheet of plywood. There were men on the Palestinian side who prevented the mass breach. I have no doubt. Thanks, . I didn't see it until you pointed it out... ADDENDUM: If you're Hamas, how the hell do you know who THIS guy is? You'd have no idea the sorts of nanodrones he could call in on you. See? Yemen in 2016... "
" echoes the words of one of my heroes. This all seems to be coming together. British General Orde Wingate is the father of strategic unconventional warfare. He was a highly devout Christian in a period when his peers saw the religion as a holdover from the past. Wingate was HATED by pretty much everyone. As a captain, he would attend staff meetings with generals. He'd put an alarm clock on the table and set it for an hour. When the clock rang, he'd say, ""Gentlemen, you've wasted enough of my time for the day. Goodbye."" And he'd leave. In Cairo, Wingate fell into a deep depression and shot himself in the chest, aiming for his heart. He woke up in the hospital with another officer sitting in a chair beside him. The officer said, ""Dammit, man, WHY DIDN'T YOU HAVE BETTER AIM?"" Wingate believed that wars could be won by large-scale infiltration of unconventional forces behind enemy lines. His ideas were simply too advanced for the minds, weapons, and equipment of the day. He died in an airplane crash on March 24, 1944, at the age of 41. So we get back to this. When asked why he supported the Jewish people, he said, ""Everybody's against them, so of course I'm for them."" A deeply religious man, hated for it. Not afraid to step on powerful toes. Completely out of step with the political ideology of the day. And the man who CONCEIVED the warfare that the Gulf Cooperation Council has perfected. In Wingate's day, the Arabs and Jews were enemies. Today, they're secret allies who will soon announce it. Everything I've ever studied is now reaching a world-changing climax. I love it. All will be well..."
" Here's how it works: This is activity around Vandenbeg Air Force Base about thirty minutes ago. And THIS is activity headed toward Edwards Air Force Base. All airliners were rerouted so that their approach into LAX was 180 degrees off from what it usually is. They came in from the opposite direction. One airliner. A second airliner. I have a crappy digital camera. My photo of the third airliner has a large, black artifact in it, and there was another aircraft (top) that I didn't see. Then a jet came in on a completely unused route that I've never seen in thirty years. It was headed toward Edwards. Look at all the black dots. After the aircraft passed, I took a photo of the same area. No black dots. A second aircraft flew along that never-before-used route into Edwards. It was accompanied by black dots on my digital camera. As THOSE aircraft flew past, I took a photo of an airliner head into LAX. The image is totally distorted. An aircraft that I DIDN'T see turned out to be in one of the photos. Totally distorted. When the sky was clear, no more black dots. And the airliners returned to their usual approach into LAX. I've never had black dots appear and disappear on my camera before, and I've never seen aircraft fly that approach into Edwards. If the aircraft headed for Edwards were able to distort my camera just by flying by, imagine what they can do when they AIM... ADDENDUM: Since people are blind and need everything spelled out for them, here's the FIRST black dots. The SECOND black dots. The air force was testing new electronic-warfare equipment that messed with my digital camera. No black dots around any other aircraft..."
" THERE WE GO. This reminds me of a Joseph Wambaugh story. A woman calls the cops on her son. Two cops arrive, and she shows them to his room. ""Is that... Is that only ONE PERSON under the blanket?"" one cops asks. ""You should've seen his father,"" the woman says. So the cops call the guy's name until he wakes up. The guy is a career criminal who's been out of prison so long that he wants to ""go home."" He's got institutional syndrome. The best way for him to be arrested is to put up a fight. The two cops and the giant career criminal demolish the room. There's nothing left. The bed and the furniture are just splinters. One of the cops had managed to get the cuffs on one of the giant's wrists. The giant throws off the cops and closes the other cuff on the same wrist so both cuffs are out the way. The cops are sitting in a room full of splinters, with holes in the walls and ceilings. The giant says the worst thing both cops have ever heard in their entire lives: ""Okay. NOW we fight."" THAT'S what the new Saudi-Emirati military alliance means. NOW they fight. Everything they've done up to now was just THEIR WARMUP ROUTINE. Stunning..."
" My guess is that this is a bogus threat. The alleged racist slurs were almost certainly fake. This is pathetic. It was writing on a...jeez, how do I say this? Only one way: writing on a WHITEBOARD. There was no need to call all 4000 cadets together and then treat black people like fragile babies. If you're going to be in the Air Force, you're going to hear a lot of salty language. MY message to the cadets is, ""If words make you faint, drop out. You're not good enough to be in the armed forces."" Finally, I'm positive that the racial slurs are fake. The writing said, ""Go home, N-words."" That's how leftists THINK right-wing racists express themselves. I lived in Tyler, Texas, from 1972 to 1975. Even the most virulent haters of black people accepted that black people LIVED in Tyler. It WAS their home. So I don't believe that this incident is real. I believe that WHITE LEFTISTS wrote the racial slurs. They'll make HORRIBLE officers. Just like THIS mental patient. "
" Speaking about Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte. He's PRETENDING to be a loose cannon. There are two ways to ensure your safety in the world: Smile and be completely unreadable. Or be a loose cannon. Middle Eastern culture doesn't react well to loose cannons. Smiling enigmatically works best there. It also works worldwide. But it's VERY hard, and you have to do a lot of things behind the scenes to warn people. Outside the Middle East, you can be a loose cannon, and nobody will mess with you. Except OTHER loose cannons. The only REAL loose cannon in the Far East is Kim Jong-un, and he's not coming after Philippines. President Duterte's loose cannon act is for domestic consumption. The Philippines have LOTS of problems. But Duterte is quite rational. He's said that he considers Trump a friend. Remember, the Philippines broke away from President Obama. Obama was all about surface appearance and speeches. Trump is about results. I recommend that everyone watch ""The American President."" Leftists think Aaron Sorkin knows more about being president than actual presidents do. That speech above? It applies only to leftists who are out of power. When leftists are IN power, opposing viewpoints are CRIMINAL. ""The American President"" is a FATUOUS movie. ""Complacently or inanely foolish."" It's all about striking a pose. The most brilliant thing I read about Obama was that he MIMICKED all the mannerisms of an intellectual. Apparently he memorized ten talking points that made people think he was a genius. ""That reminds me of Fröbe in Schnitzenhauser's 'Die Goldfisch ist gestoppen.'"" OH MY GOD! He read Schnitzenhauser's ""Die Goldfisch ist gestoppen""! No. He PRETENDED to read it. I always hated everything Aaron Sorkin wrote. It has a precious self-consciousness that I find vomitous. But leftists love him. THEY BASE THEIR ACTUAL LIVES ON HIM. That's why everything screeched to a halt while Obama was president. A movie character can't be president. One reason that the world is coming around is that Trump is sincere when he tells others country's that they must put their own self-interest first. As WE are now doing. But. There's another reason. Remember this? MOAB = Massive Ordnance Air Blast. The target was NOT tunnels. The target was on the surface. What was the target? General John W. Nicholson ordered the MOAB delivered to Afghanistan. THAT never leaked. Then Nicholson ordered the MOAB dropped. He did not ask permission. The Pakistani Inter Services Intelligence (ISI) has created more terrorist groups than any other government agency in the world. The ISI has about 10,000 members in total. It has four wings: Internal Wing External Wing Foreign Relations Wing CPEC Wing CPEC = China–Pakistan Economic Corridor The number of actual FIELD AGENTS in the External Wing--the men who were in Pakistan--would be in the hundreds. My guess is all the agents running operations in Central Asia were killed. Why do I say that? I wonder if most of us can appreciate the gigantic cojones it took to do that the Pakistanis? General Nicholson, Mattis, Trump, and Tillerson each need two limousines: one for themselves, and one for their cojones. But this is REAL-WORLD STUFF. October 10, 2017. The North Koreans were preparing a fireworks display to honor the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK). Nothing happened. THEN we find out that THIS happened: The collapse happened on October 10. This was an EXISTING TUNNEL, so those were nuclear technicians. My guess is the entire North Korean nuclear-weapons testing team was killed. If the North Koreans ADMITTED to 200 dead, it was almost certainly many more. An Aaron Sorkin president would give a speech with swelling music behind him. Here in the REAL WORLD, Trump told Mattis on December 1, 2016, ""If you ever see on opportunity, take it."" McMaster knows this, Tillerson knows this, and Haley knows this. Tillerson started HIS OWN COALITION. Did you know that? The Global Coalition Working to Defeat ISIS. Entirely a Tillerson project. Nikki Haley says she's going to pull the US out of the despicable and utterly dishonest Human Rights Council. Trump lets the members of his administration run things the way they see fit. They keep him INFORMED, but he isn't burdened by the decisions THEY make. This allows Trump to concentrate on what HE does best: Make deals. How could I forget Mike Pence? Elon Musk: ""Climate change is real! I'm not working with Trump anymore!"" Well... Obama was an Aaron Sorkin president. He belonged in a TV series, not the Oval Office. Trump is THE American president. He proves it every day..."
" Time to give up on Germany. ""Chico had been bought by Lezime K eight years ago, shortly before the early release from prison of her ex-husband, who attacked her with an axe in 2005."" ""The injuries she sustained meant she had to use a wheelchair and she had told neighbours she acquired the dog, which was reportedly kept in a cage in the family flat, out of fear for her life and that of her four children."" ""In 2011, a social worker arranged for the woman’s son, then 20, who had learning difficulties, to take the dog to a trainer after recognising that the family was unable to cope with its 'permanent aggression'."" ""The social worker said in a report at the time that she was convinced the dog 'had been trained to be a fighting machine'. On the dog trainer’s advice, the veterinary inspection office was due to have ruled on whether the dog would be allowed to stay with the family."" ""But after the owner failed to present the animal to authorities, there appears to have been no follow-up. There was also an inadequate response to neighbours’ frequent complaints about the dog’s continuous barking."" ""The dog home Tierheim Hannover, where Chico has been kept in a cage since its capture, has reportedly received hundreds of requests from people willing to give it a new home. There have also been numerous attempts to break into the centre to rescue the dog."" ""'We have received hundreds of offers from people who want to take the dog,' Schwarzfeld said."" ""Corina Ludwig, one of the signatories to the petition, wrote: 'Chico deserves a second chance with someone who is experienced with dogs. Please help him to be able to finally enjoy a loving life, which is appropriate for his species.'"" So let's recap: A guy attacks his wife with an axe, leaving her in a wheelchair for life. He gets early release from prison. The woman buys an attack dog. The neighbors complain, so the social worker says that the dog is a horrendous danger because it's a fighting machine with permanent aggression. The dog kills the woman and her developmentally disabled son, so Germany goes into an uproar. People try to break into veterinary inspection office to free the dog, and offers to adopt it come pouring in. So the city decides that it'll give the dog a ""second chance."" The dog HASN'T CHANGED, which means it'll kill MORE PEOPLE. But the Germans refuse to see that. So the victory of emotion over rationality means that more people will die, but the Germans are fine with that... "
" The IDF attack began with air strikes on 100 military targets. They were hit in about four minutes. The Israelis used inert BDU-56 bombs filled with cement. Inert munitions are painted blue. Your cheap propaganda is obsolete. The days of using Israel as the world's whipping boy are over. Ha."
" Everybody knows ""déjà vu""--""I've experienced this before""--but there are two more. ""Jamais vu"" = ""never seen"" Something familiar suddenly becomes unfamiliar. AND. ""Presque vu"" = ""almost seen"" You ALMOST see it. I had an amazing presque vu experience in Japan in 1983. I was looking at a statue of the Buddha. See, what I feared about all of this was the concept of eternity. How the hell can you exist for eternity without going crazy? Every possible explanation had a hole in it: BOREDOM. No version of paradise appealed to me because after trillions upon trillions of years, it would get pretty old. So I was looking at this Buddha's face, and I for just a FLASH, it all made sense. There would be no time, and the things we do as humans on this planet would have no meaning. We would be far BEYOND them. I suddenly grasped--for just a flash--the concept of eternal contentment. I FORGOT that insight for decades, as I stumbled through my disastrous life. But now I remember it. And I know it's real..."
" Watch to the end. Some kind of automatic cannon. VERY good shooting. This is Afrin, Syria. The cannon is firing on behalf of the Kurds. Those being shelled are either Turks or Turkish-backed rebels. The shooter is arcing the the rounds downward to hit targets he can't see. It's called ""indirect fire."" I can't identify the weapon. It's an automatic cannon, possibly a 57mm AZP S-60. There are tons of those in Syria... ADDENDUM: The YPG says that the initial Turkish ground offensive was repelled. After seeing the video of that very skilled shooting, I think that claim is probably correct... The Turks should take this warning seriously. "
" The YPG videos prove that the LAUNCHER is the 9M113 Konkurs. First the front comes off, and then the missile is launched. Very distinctive sounds. Russian video. YPG video. You'll hear the same sounds. Antitank guided missile (ATGM) warheads are high-explosive antitank (HEAT). The Kurdish missilesw are DEFINITELY thermobaric or fuel-air explosive. These armored vehicles are being destroyed with shock waves. VERY advanced weapons. Ask any tanker: How hard would it be to destroy a tank with shock waves? I'm not saying that the Kurds are LYING when they claim to have developed these weapons themselves. But the concept of military deception (MILDEC) requires that the true story not be told. The Konkurs is a semi-automatic command to line of sight (SACLOS) weapon instead of a ""fire-and-forget"" weapon. The gunner keeps a cross hair on the target, and the sight (red arrow) guides the missile, using a beacon on the rear of the projectile. You have to be very well trained to use this thing. The training requirement and the thermobaric warheads tell me that the Kurds have friends in high places who are helping them..."
" December 29, 1915. Royal Flying Corps Lieutenant Sholto Douglas took off in his BE 2 with Lieutenant James Childs as observer-gunner. The gunner in the BE 2 had to stand in his seat, turn around to face backwards, and fire over the pilot's head. During the mission, Douglas and Childs were jumped by six Fokker IVs. Two of the German pilots were Max Immelmann and Oswald Boelcke, men who invented aerial maneuvers that are still used to day. The Fokkers each had two machine guns, and the aircraft were much faster and more maneuverable than the BE 2. Lt. Douglas used the slowness of the BE 2 to force the Fokkers to fly past him. He dodged so violently that gunner Childs--facing backwards--became airsick and vomited in Douglas's face. Douglas was unable to wipe off his goggles, and Childs was unable to fire his gun. So Douglas dove to below 20 feet and flew through the woods. When he came out of the woods, Douglas found himself flying along a German trench, some five feet above the ground. Every machine gun opened up on him, but he was too low to hit. The gunners couldn't shoot until he was directly overhead. Boelcke landed and trotted over the hill that Douglas had flown over. The German expected to see the BE 2 on the ground. Instead he saw it flying away only a few inches above the earth. Douglas got the plane behind British lines, where he finally put it down and cleaned off his goggles. The puking Lieutenant Childs got his feet on the ground and recovered. They counted more than 100 bullet holes in the aircraft. Immelmann shot off his own propeller some time later, and his aircraft disintegrated in midair. One of Boeckle's students hit the master's wing with his landing gear. Again, the aircraft disintegrated in midair. Sholto Douglas (left) died at the age of 75 in 1969. In World War II, he was the Marshal of the Royal Air Force. My guess is nothing much scared him after December 29, 2015..."
" Look! Sweet Grandma. Awww... So moral. A teacher, of course. She deleted her account, but she'll be identified, and her bosses will be informed. Leftism is TRULY a mental illness. The Democrats will never come back. Their party is dead, as it deserves to be."
" just wrote a thread on military spooks and their ability to see the big picture. Here's a thread for all military spooks. The Pioneer Experimental Company of the Imperial German Army. In German, it was called the Pionier-Veruchs-Kompagnie. The men wore a ""V"" on their shoulder straps. As ALWAYS, the ""experts"" are wrong. The PVK tested new weapons and tactics. What the ""experts"" don't know is that the PVK tested weapons and tactics IN COMBAT. I knew that for two reasons: I found a German man who had a photo of his grandfather, who was a member of the PVK. This man let me use his photo in a book. But. The grandfather said that he'd sworn an oath to never divulge what he did in World War One. And he never did. Seventy years later, he refused to talk about what he did. The PVK was attached to multiple army corps during World War One. Photos show that they tested early scuba gear, among other things. Tested in COMBAT. One of the worst setbacks that the British suffered in the war was what the Germans called Operation Beach Party. It was here. Nieuwpoort, Belgium, on July 10, 1917. This was the first military operation in history that used mass close-air support (CAS). German marines and naval shock troops attacked with the support of purpose-built CAS aircraft. It took the Germans exactly TWO MINUTES to smash through the British front lines. The rest of the operation was mopping up. The Pioneer Experimental Company infiltrated behind the British lines and did SOMETHING, but more than a century later, we don't know what. This is a postcard that I bought. Nobody else understood its significance. The handwritten note on the back says in German, ""To the memory of the veterans of the gunpowder smoke at Rheims."" Rheims was where the two sides fought. So this is the only known evidence that the Pioneer Experimental Company engaged in combat. I have another photo that PROBABLY shows a member of the PVK with an experimental flamethrower. The guy on left. He has the cartridge pouches and carbine of a pioneer, and the device on his back is covered with cloth. The photo was taken on March 21, 1918. It says on the back, ""In memory of the time we dismounted from the tank and served as shock troops."" German tanks had a crew of 23. They were trained to fight as assault troops, with hand grenades, carbines, and flamethrowers. But the flamethrowers were never photographed. Except maybe this ONE time. The men of the Pioneer Experimental Company were sworn to secrecy. They took their secrets with them. The unit is almost a total mystery. The spooks working for Trump won't spill the beans. They're not interested in fame. Sic transit gloria mundi. ""Thus passes the glory of the world."" Earthly honors are transitory. Some people don't care about them..."
" Here's our proof that the US and the Gulf Cooperation Council worked out a global strategy that they are implementing together. The NEW position of the United States and our allies in the GCC is ""Stop causing trouble."" That's all. Not regime change, and not catastrophic war. The academic Samantha Power created a policy called ""Responsibility to Protect"" (R2P). Under R2P, the US would invade ANY country that was threatening its citizens with genocide. We would overthrown the government and then leave. The overthrow of Libya's Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 was the first and last R2P war. What was the result? Libya now has TWO internationally recognized government fighting each other, AND the country is overrun with jihadist terrorists. R2P recognizes that the US can't REBUILD every country in the world, so the ideology blames the people whose government we toppled. ""It's not OUR fault that they couldn't get it together. I'll have another mimosa. Wanna go golfing? I'll call up Air Force One."" Now let's look at the GCC policy. THIS IS ALL SUPPOSITION. I base my theories on purely military issues: war fighting and weapons. The GCC has SAID that Hezbollah, the Iranian mullahs, and Assad must stop engaging in terrorism. The reason the GCC says that Assad must go is that they believe he will hamper all attempts to find negotiated solutions. But the GOVERNMENT of Syria is not being told to go. The Houthis, Iran, and Lebanon are being told the same thing: Just stop, and all will be well. Here's what I'm absolutely positive happened: The GCC temporarily replaced the armed forces of nations that need to change. Why do I say that? Because of this GIGANTIC number of troops. Western experts sneered and said that the number of troops was exaggerated. I don't think so. Everything started turning around in the Middle East in October of 2015. The toughest problem for the GCC was how to stop the terrorism and destabilization WITHOUT creating the sort of chaos that WE caused in Iraq in 2003. I myself supported the invasion of Iraq and the overthrow of Saddam Hussein. I was wrong. But in 2003, GCC strategic special forces armed with Israeli-designed weapons did not exist. Donald Rumsfeld said, ""You go to war with the army you have."" That's true. HOWEVER. The United States was and IS unable to solve problems in the Middle East, due to our historical baggage, our culture, and our refusal to take Arabs and Persians seriously. The American invasion of Iraq was our flawed solution to a problem. Blame OURSELVES. We want short wars. We got one in Iraq. Three weeks. And then eight years of catastrophe. Trump and the GCC have created a NEW doctrine: Just stop creating instability. You can bet that regime change is in there, BUT IT'S NOT CENTRAL. If we break it, we own it. If we overthrow regimes, we then are responsible for rebuilding. So in the Middle East, the GCC took those 350,000 strategic special operators and infiltrated them into Yemen, Syria, Iraq, and Lebanon. The Arab and allied strategic special operators wore the uniforms of the locals and took orders from local commanders. The GCC defeated the enemies and held the line. Yemeni, Syrian, Iraqi, and Lebanese troops were sent to Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Jordan, and almost certainly Israel in order to be trained. We have the evidence. Yemenis. Two men with the firepower of an entire squad. The machine gunner on the left is wearing traditional Yemeni garb. Six-man Lebanese commando squad with two machine guns, an unknown and hidden rocket launcher, and a massively expensive American rifle stock (right). The US is now transferring advanced technology to Middle Eastern armed forces that were once enslaved by Iran and Hezbollah. That means that these armed forces are now liberated. So Trump and the GCC are working to KEEP GOVERNMENTS IN PLACE while removing the power of the governments to do harm. Of course it takes a certain amount of trust, but ask any American veteran: What creates the closest bond between soldiers? Combat. ""Seeing the elephant."" That's why the expressions of all these troops are the same. They're REAL. Patriots doing the right thing. Is it possible for the North Korean army to be infiltrated and replaced? You bet. My guess is that is that it began months ago. Have you noticed how CALM everybody is? Trump, Pence, Mattis, Tillerson, Haley, Mohammed bin Salman, Macron, Hariri, Moqtada al Sadr, al-Abadi? That's because all of this IS WORKING and it CAN'T BE STOPPED. The military are SMARTER than academia. Who knew? Well, me..."
" is perfect example of people trying to normalize pedophilia. In reality, it's 100 percent ABNORMAL to be attracted to childlike figures. But I've struck a nerve. I'm not confused in the slightest. But I'm also not an adult attracted to children. I lived in Japan for five years. That's where this anime poison started. Let's go to . SURPRISE! ""My content may include nudity."" The ""tell"" that this person is actually MORE than attracted to children is the claim that I need to be ""educated."" A leftist term. Defensiveness is also a bad sign. I study the military. A lot people think that means I ""like"" war. Well, they're idiots. Their opinion is meaningless to me. This person muted me because he KNOWS that what he's doing is wrong. Again, the attraction is all physical. When you are PHYSICALLY attracted to children, you are a PEDOPHILE. An adult man should be attracted to another adult. I know that lots of religious people read my tweets. If you're religious, you have to follow the tenets of your religion. I myself am not religious. Therefore, without DISAGREEING with religious people, I just say that TO ME, what matters is adulthood. That's it. Everything else is the private business of the people involved. My own view is that adults involved with adults is completely different from adults attracted to children. Adults are attracted to children for only DYSFUNCTIONAL reasons. This attraction can NEVER be normalized. Our society is changing in ways that more traditional people find upsetting. This is something we all have to grapple with. BUT. All of us on all sides must agree that CHILDREN are off limits forever. I have contempt for adult men who fantasize about cartoon schoolgirls. There's nothing they can ""teach"" me. They are not superior to me. AND the ""art"" is utterly generic. How can you call yourself an artist, when your crappy schoolgirls look exactly like the ones I saw in Japan 30 years ago? Adult men who like everything cute and cuddly make me vomit. You know what's funny? In surveys, if you take out sexual orientation, gay and straight men have all the same interests. Men are men. But ""artists"" who dream of anime schoolgirls? That's another gender. In Japan, consumption of anime led to quite serious sexual dysfunction. I'm the heterosexual American man who lived in Japan and never dated a Japanese. The reason I was not attracted to Japanese is that they WERE childlike. I prefer adult women. If you prefer childlike cartoons, you're in trouble..."
" Here's the vibe I get from Trump and Mohammed bin Salman: Men who understand that they have the power to better the lives of millions. Maybe billions. Can you imagine anything more satisfying? As my photographer brother says, the camera doesn't lie. "
" I ate dinner at a musician's house. He invited me after I did a long article on him. His friends were the most hideous people I've ever met. The guy I hated the most decided in the middle of dinner to explain and act out the way he used toilet paper in the army. He stood on his chair and turned around. If that happened today, I'd scream at him to stop. But at the time, I lacked the fortitude to tell off hideous, ugly, negative Californians. You'd know this guy's name. He's still working. The army-toilet-paper routine is his famous set piece that all the enlightened leftists love. If I'd had a shotgun..."
" Actually, this tells only part of the story. I interviewed a bassist for a British band. He was staying at a semi-secret hotel on Sunset Boulevard. He was three hours late, so I sat in the lobby and watched. And listened. The lobby was strange because it had a linoleum floor meant to look like hardwood. Soon I figured out why it was linoleum: Everybody dropped their cigarettes and cigars on the floor and ground them out with their heels. Like we were in an 1890s saloon. It's cheaper to replace linoleum than it is to refinish hardwood. When I went into the bathroom, it looked as though 9000 drunk frat boys had stampeded through. Wadded-up paper towels were all over the floor. I couldn't use the urinals because there were puddles of urine under them. There was urine all over the walls. A guy came out of a stall and left without washing his hands. He also didn't flush. Three of the four stalls had unflushed toilets. Waiters in Hollywood told me that they never had to change the toilet-paper rolls in the men's room. The Hollywood pig-men don't bathe or wipe, and they get off on the fact that everyone has to put up with it. Lack of personal hygiene is the most common way that Hollywood's denizens show off their power. I can personally confirm some of these. I met one at the Viper Room. He stank so bad that I had to breathe through my mouth. Google ""celebrities with poor personal hygiene"" or ""celebrities who smell bad."" I can confirm No. 5. I was present during the filming of one of her scenes in ""The Player."" HORRIBLE body odor. So when she goes off on conservatives, I just think about her personal stench. It was truly unspeakable. They all try to out-stink each other. It's all about power and humiliation. Terrible people..."
" Now THIS is VERY interesting. Promotional effort in Tehran to attract people to a movie about the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. Those are supposed to be Islamic State terrorists. Now let's think about this for a second. SOMEONE in the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps said, ""Hey! Let's send ARMED INSURGENTS all over Tehran to promote our movie!"" And the bosses said, ""Well...okay. If you think it's a good idea."" I think it's a GREAT idea, and they need to start churning out MORE movies with MORE such promotional efforts. I keep TELLING you: We are dealing with superhuman brilliance. A billion moving parts, all ready to come together. REMEMBER: "
" Dear : You need to fire the incompetent clowns who wrote this tripe. The photo shows a 120mm MORTAR ROUND, not a ""shell."" When we go HERE, we can identify the munition. It's a SMOKE ROUND. Smoke rounds are pale green and have ""WP"" stenciled on them. Why do you people get so hysterical about white phosphorus? Do you know what conventional high-explosive munitions do to the human body? The science of fragmentation munitions has created the phenomenon of the Man With No Face. It's been caught on video in Syria multiple times. A soldier has his face sliced off. Nothing is left. Yet he stands there, holding his weapon, unaware that his face is gone. I care about that. Why doesn't the Washington Post? This piece is a ""fail"" on every level. The Saudis are SPARING even the lives of combatants. It's time for you to do your job and uncover THAT fact..."
" This is a useful lesson: What's happening is that leftists are trying to GOAD you into saying something that will get your account suspended. Recently Twitter locked my account for a tweet I sent in 2015. Was it offensive? No. But I deleted it anyway. These bot accounts with 20 or followers are created specifically to get you suspended or terminated. Recently several women told me that they found the use of the ""C-word"" offensive. I know I used it at least once. I told them I would not use it again. This doesn't COST me anything. In fact it forces me to become more CREATIVE in my insults. So I view the Twitter ""Safety Rules"" in the same way as I view people politely asking me not to use certain language. Women want to share the tweets with a parent, for example. They don't want to share tweets with salty language. Rather than shout, ""DON'T TELL ME HOW TO TALK!"" I decided to simply not use certain words. One of the funniest comedians in the world is Brian Regan. Regan is a ""clean"" comedian. He never uses profanity. It doesn't make his humor less funny. So conservatives need to be aware that bots are trying to get you terminated. It's unfair and cowardly and so on, but it's REALITY. We can't wish it away. AND I'm not saying that women asking me to slightly moderate my language is cowardly and unfair. I'm just saying that it doesn't bother me, any more than Twitter rules bother me..."
" UN-believable. There's that worthless piece of junk the Admiral Flota Sovetskogo Soyuza Kuznetsov again, spewing coal smoke. The Sukhoi Su-33 jets on the deck can't carry munitions. This carrier was designed for VTOL (vertical takeoff and landing) aircraft. The Su-33s have to use their afterburners and fly with no bombs in order to get into the air. Putin has been reduced to pure kabuki theater. He's a total embarrassment. They had to tow that crap-box all the way back to port. And now it's back. The world is being run by children. I'm amazed..."
" Kazeroun, Iran. Vehicles of the security forces destroyed. Look at the pavement. That was a hell of a fight. Now look at the BUILDING behind the destroyed vehicle. A massive chunk was blown out. No wonder the cops all ran away, leaving behind their cars, trucks, and motorcycles..."
" asks a question. I actually wrote a thread about this before, but Twitter has broken all the links between the tweets. Let's see if I can reconstruct the thread. Since October 8, 2012, Trump has called NBC's Chuck Todd ""Sleepy Eyes."" Nobody knows why. I found the answer. Now is lying. On April 2, 2017, I wrote a thread to about ""Sleepy Eyes."" broke all the links between the tweets and tells me that I DIDN'T send any tweets to Phoebe on April 2, 2017. HA HA, . I just figured out how to get around your censorship. So, I present the reconstructed thread on Sleepy Eyes, which tried to hide. Everyone should copy and paste each tweet somewhere to prevent future censorship. In late 2011, Chuck Todd began messing with his hair. It became VERY puffy. Everyone commented on it, which upset Todd. In the late 1950s, the Japanese author Renzaburo Shibata began writing serialized novels about a disgusting, dishonorable ""ronin."" A ""ronin"" was a samurai with no master. Nemuri Kyoshiro was a ronin who was a ""sneering, cynical rogue."" The series of novels were called ""The Sleepy eyes of Death."" They were made into movies in the early to late 1960s. The most popular versions of the movies starred Raizo Ichikawa, who was famous for his...puffy hair. Trump is calling Chuck Todd a cynical man with no honor, who exists in a world of backstabbing, corruption, and BLACK MASSES. The Sleepy Eyes of Death movies have very interesting subtitles. ""Sword of Satan."" ""Heretical Writings."" ""Hell is a Woman."" The movie series were released under two titles: ""The Sleepy Eyes of Death"" and ""Son of the Black Mass."" I'm VERY proud of THAT research effort. Took me HOURS to track it down. Trump insults people in a way they can't even comprehend. AND I just overcame 's attempt to make that thread impossible to find. I'm 55 years old, and I just outsmarted professional programmers half my age. HA...!"
" Ecclesiastes 3. Deeply profound. I've been studying the wars in the Middle East daily since June of 2015. The Gulf Cooperation Council understands that to everything there is a season. The Syrian Arab Army was a conscript army. Therefore the GCC spared nearly all of them. A good example is the Artillery College. An explosive-drone swarm was used to get the cadets' attention. Although the logo on the video is Islamist, the drones have to be from the GCC. So the video is strategic deception. AND. The cadets and other Syrian personnel were all allowed to go home, after they turned in their ID cards. The GCC doesn't kill conscripts. In Yemen, on the other hand, the GCC and Yemeni army just launched two incredible ground offensives. The GCC and Yemeni army are fighting Ansar Allah--""Supporters of God."" They're known as the Houthis after the surname of their founder. The Houthis are utterly disgusting. They're always high, they commit unspeakable war crimes, and they have a VERY precious flag: God is Great Death to America Death to Israel Curse on the Jews Victory to Islam The two GCC and Yemeni offensives killed 11,000 Houthi fighters. They were all volunteers who murder civilians, murder reporters, murder academics, hide behind human shields, and deliberately attack Saudi civilian centers. About 500 Saudi citizens have been killed. The Houthis understand and respect only violence. Therefore unimaginable violence was visited on them. Syrian draftees don't even want to be there. So they're told, ""Go home. You're good."" The Houthis need a few centuries to catch up to the rest of us. I'm going to make an analogy here: Squid. You cook squid either hardly at all or a really long time. Anything in between, and it's inedible. The Houthis need a lot of cooking. I wonder if you can appreciate the violence inflected on them? To kill 11,000 Houthis in a week or so required unbelievably powerful weapons. The Houthis are a mountain people. They are literally cave dwellers. Their fighters were hidden away in caves, bunkers, and underground fortifications. And yet 11,000 of them were killed in just days. In Afghanistan in 2001-2002, the US organized Task Force K-Bar. US Navy SEAL Teams 2, 3, and 8 US Air Force Combat Controllers and Pararescuemen US Special Forces 1st Batl, 3rd SF Group 70 Norwegian commandos 40 Canadian commandos 100 German commandos 40 New Zealand commandos 100 Danish commandos 1 Turkish liaison officer They fought in mountains and caves for five months. Task Force K-Bar took part in the Battle of Tora Bora and Operation Anaconda. These are all what are known as ""top-tier operators."" The best of the best. The two battles resulted in about 230 dead Taliban and al-Qaeda. The GCC and Yemeni army just killed 11,000 Houthis. Given the utter savagery and inhumanity of the Houthis, I say ""Good."" They deserved it. Also, an example had to be made. The Middle East had to see how lethal the new Arab armed forces are. Since March 26, 2015, the press and ""human rights"" groups have accused the Saudis of war crimes. The Saudis have two answers. One, ""If you think we committed war crimes, take us to the International Criminal Court."" Nobody has. The second Saudi answer goes to the accusation of ""indiscriminate killing of civilians."" Here's what the Saudis said: ""If we start killing people indiscriminately, you'll know."" Now everybody knows. The Houthis did the world a favor by dying. For one thing, they WENT AWAY, so they can't hurt anyone anymore. Just as importantly, the Houthis showed the world just how unfathomably skilled and powerful Arab armed forces have become. And all the fighting has taken place in total secrecy. THAT is the scariest part of all. Hundreds of thousands of troops can infiltrate a country and wipe out the enemy, without ever being seen. It's a new world. A BETTER world. Imagine that being your epitaph: ""The world is better off without me."" If you refuse to stop destructive behavior, someone will MAKE you stop. One way or another..."
" WELL NOW. ""A prominent Iranian member of parliament's recent statement about a significant outflow of capital from the country has raised eyebrows."" ""Commenting on the foreign exchange fluctuations in March, parliamentary economic commission head Mohammadreza Pourebrahimi said some $30 billion of capital had fled Iran in the final months of the last Iranian year, which ended March 20."" The rest is, ""Padda-beep, padda-boop, padda-bap,"" to quote Sonny Corleone. This is the mullahs and their lackeys getting ready for the big Gulp. That's why Trump is hogging the limelight nonstop. This is what happened in the Parliament when the head of the central bank tried to talk about currency fluctuations. There was a mass resignation of deputies done to prevent him from speaking. There are several types of warfare, you know. Take a wild guess at who are masters of economic warfare... Look at these angry Iranian farmers! My goodness! That middle-aged, tattooed farmer on the left has one hell of a physique, doesn't he? From all that farming. As a farmer, you also learn hand signals. THAT farming hand signal means, ""Camera! Everybody smile! Hi! We're farmers! What a nice day to march, before we return to our farms!"" If I were the mullahs, I'd be VERY reassured. Not afraid in the slightest. What's there to be afraid of? Farmers--such as the one on the right--are fascinated by their own hands. ""This is a nice hand. I wonder what would happen if I SPOKE INTO IT. Hello? Can anybody hear me?"" GOOD LORD. Look at the bearded farmer in the gray shirt on the far right. Iranian farmers all have zero body fat, huh? So, let's recap: Massive capital flight from Iran, the head of the central bank forcibly prevented from speaking to parliament, and outrageously fit farmers are on the march. Smiling. Nothing to see here, folks. Let's all move along... ADDENDUM: Another incredibly fit farmer on the far left, on a cell phone. Farming teaches you to put one foot exactly in front of the other when you walk... "
" Singapore. As points out, American airliners are being sold in major deals. Singapore just agreed to buy 39 Boeing airliners. Why is this important? Boeing's main competitor is Airbus, which is illegally subsidized by European governments. The EU being the EU, the rule of law is not important when it comes to competing with the dastardly United States. BUT GUESS WHAT? Government subsidies mean government interference. D'OH! Airbus has problems that Boeing doesn't. And NOW, we have a president who aggressively pursues American interests. So Singapore is just the last country to choose Boeing. A word about Singapore: People don't know it, but we have the same military relationship with Singapore that we have with Israel. In other words, Singapore joins Israel, the UK, and Australia in being our most important allies, in terms of geopolitics. One reason Singapore is so important is that she can BOTTLE UP the Chinese navy. Singapore and Australia can keep the Chinese navy in the Philippine Sea. The military capabilities of Singapore were impressive before. Now? Singapore is helping the Saudis achieve the economic goals of Saudi Vision 2030. Now what do you suppose Singapore may have received in exchange for this help? Look at this! Brunei is a member of the Saudi-led Muslim Coalition. Guess what just happened? The Chinese told Singapore to stop joint training with Taiwan. What did Singapore just say? Nations that enslave others are seeing an unbroken string of setbacks. The Golden Age of Bloviating is over. Now, things happen in secret. Emphasis on: Things HAPPEN. Progress. Improvement. Change for the better. The Trump Doctrine and mantra..."
" Here's a BIG, FAT red flag: From McCabe's INTERMINABLE statement. ""This attack on my credibility is one part of a larger effort not just to slander me personally, but to taint the FBI, law enforcement, and intelligence professionals more generally."" WHENEVER someone says that criticizing HIM or HER is an attack on an entire group, you know that the person is guilty of the accusations. I get criticized DAILY. It's VERY energetic criticism. Have you EVER seen me try o deflect criticism by claiming that it's an attack on men? Catholics? Bearded fellows? History majors? People with PTSD? ALL criticism of me is directed at me and me alone. Not a single person criticizing me is attacking a group. They're going after ME ALONE. Here's the reality: The Obama years were lawless. I understand perfectly WHY so many people threw their ethics and morality out the window. They thought nothing would ever change, so why bother holding on to integrity? Look what they did to . Obama FIRED him as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, because the general told the truth: The Intelligence Community and the military were cooking the books to make Obama appear competent. Who wants to be fired for telling the truth? VERY few people. General Flynn didn't wait until he'd retired. He spoke up, and he paid for it. Has the general said that criticism of him is criticism of all the armed forces? No. Here's the general's final interview as head of the DIA. ""Accomplishing the goals I set required shaking things up at DIA. Maybe it did get to the point where I was a little too far out in front of my headlights."" ""I had a meeting with my boss and the message was ‘it’s time for you to go,’ and my reaction was to salute and say, ‘Okay, no problem.’"" ""I was fine with that because at the end of the day I’m a soldier, and I serve at the pleasure of my superiors."" FOUR SENTENCES. McCabe's statement. One of the best movies ever made is ""A New Leaf,"" the only film that Elaine May directed. Walter Matthau is a worthless playboy who doesn't understand that ACTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES. McCabe is now wandering the streets, muttering, ""I'm poor! I'm poor!"" HE DID IT TO HIMSELF. These people COMPROMISED THEMSELVES. And now, they must pay the piper. This is the piper. He TOLD EVERYBODY in plain language, over and over and over: ""I'm the piper. You're going to pay me. YUGELY."" People didn't listen. You know what they didn't take into account? This guy. General Flynn had already PROVEN that he put family and country ahead of everything else. When the piper hired the general, all the Henry Grahams should've immediately resigned. Well, they screwed up, didn't they? I have no sympathy. I knew exactly what was happening. But all the Henry Grahams were in total denial. Morons... ADDENDUM: corrects me: Elaine May also wrote and directed the movie Ishtar. Like the film Monster in Law, Ishtar is not the disaster that people claim. But then again, I like the movie Waterworld..."
" points me to the most important statement of the past few centuries. And of course, the western press buried it. Hold on. I'm so excited that I'm making tons of mistakes. Let me start over. We'll go to (3) next. Statement from Mohammed bin Salman, Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia: ""Today, in non-Muslim countries, every human being has the right to choose his or her belief and belief. Religious books can be bought in every country. The message is delivered. Now it is no longer a duty for us to fight for the propagation of Islam."" That is the stunning brilliance of Mohammed bin Salman. All people in the world have heard the message, and therefore Muslims can now go about their business. He interprets the Koran as saying that the MESSAGE MUST BE DELIVERED. It HAS been delivered. Therefore Muslims will now ""stand down."" The anti-Islam group said that Islam couldn't change. In reality, Islam doesn't have a central authority, so the religion is open to interpretation. And now, the most POWERFUL voice in Islam is saying that the message was delivered. We are all free to CHOOSE whether or not to convert. Muslims no longer have the duty top deliver the message. It's over. Thus Muslims countries become--as the Crown Prince promised--""normal countries that contribute to the world."" Don't underestimate this. The Saudis are not only saying that Muslims are ""standing down,"" they're saying that anyone who PERSISTS in trying to force Islam on others is perverting the message. Therefore they will be destroyed. There's no wiggle room here. It's unequivocal. With one interview, the Saudi Crown Prince has completely transformed Islam--while denying that he's doing so. Westerners have no concept of Middle Eastern thought. We demanded things that they couldn't do. The Stealth Reformation is over. And the reformers won. How did they win? Two ways: The Saudis and their GCC allies created the most skilled armed forces on earth. Then these absolute monarchies put themselves into the hands of these armed forces. There's a natural law: The better the soldier, the more altruistic. When you can kill everybody effortlessly, you become aware of how fragile life is, and you automatically want to help the defenseless. What we see in the GCC countries is a relationship of trust between the armed forces and monarchies. GCC countries won't be absolute monarchies forever. But the leaders need that power FOR NOW. Abraham Lincoln became an absolute monarch in many ways. Everyone said, ""O doom! He will never let go of this power!"" They were WRONG. But as MbS said, ""How does us being an absolute monarchy hurt YOU, my friends in the west?"" We in the west need to SHUT UP. We're witnessing the most earth-shaking societal changes in human history. They don't SEEM earthshaking, because the people doing it are downplaying the significance. Arabs are returning to their roots. They are a great, GREAT people. This is all being done in the name of altruism. Unprecedented..."
" FINALLY we have the proof that the Iranian people are being helped. The building was hit with a .50-caliber high explosive incendiary armor-piercing (HEIAP) round. ONE such round would convince the average cop to let their prisoners go. It would be like a hand grenade going off inside the building. What's happening is that the Iranian people are rising up, and they're getting JUST ENOUGH HELP to overcome the disadvantages they have. The uprising is entirely the doing of the Iranian people. Therefore THEY must win. It wouldn't work if foreign troops took over. My guess is that Iranian army officers are calling the shots. The people helping are the ones with the weapons, but I'm sure that--as in Yemen and Iraq--they act on the orders of local officers. The HEIAP round hit high up on the building. It was a warning, not an attempt to kill. So I'm 99.999 percent sure that this is regime change. I COULD BE WRONG..."
" Guess what I just did? I busted a plan. Here's an ad appearing on conservative Websites. Cute little blonde girl--wearing a World War II Nazi steel helmet. The ad company is Connatrix. The ad was made by Zellner Bros. They're from Austin, Texas. So there you go..."
" All jihadists use war to garner power. Al-Qaeda released a master plan for taking over the world. It depends on two things: Goading governments into overreacting, and convincing OTHER governments to not get involved. Jihadists have no scruples. They invented ""involuntary martyrdom."" That means they can murder you, and it's permissible because you get your reward in paradise. But political Islam is a vestige of the past. The Stealth Reformation has already taken place. To be blunt, Muslims were paralyzed. There seemed to be no good answer. What Muslims needed was something that is entirely THEIRS, untainted by misuse and unequivocally GOOD in all senses of the word. See, Islamic scholars can't agree on most things. You have multiple sects of Islam that have trouble getting along. Muslims have been in a tough spot. ""Islam"" means ""submission."" I'm sure that Muslims reading this understand that submission CAN lead to fatalism, apathy, and lack of individual initiative. On the other hand, it's not pleasant to be constantly berated by non-Muslims. ""Do this! Do that! Stop doing this! Stop doing that!"" So what changed? First, the Gulf Cooperation Council made peace with Israel, and together they created the most advanced armed forces in the world. THEN those armed forces began the long process of liberation. Middle Easterners are taking care of business on their own terms. The air strikes by the US, the UK, and France are REAL, but I PROMISE you that they are alos giving cover to Arab and allied ground troops. The Muslim Coalition is 40 countries. Hundreds of thousands of men and women have been trained to fight in the new way. So the ACTUAL changes are being implemented by Middle Easterners. Not westerners. The west ALWAYS GETS IT WRONG in terms of the Middle East. So our role should be to support. These air strikes are SUPPORT. MUSLIMS are going into Syria to stop the killing. So everybody should be confident. These are the best-trained soldiers in human history. They're fighting to END ALL WAR in the Middle East. You can have a fast war that causes future wars, or you can have a slow, careful war that SPARES LIVES and PREVENTS future wars. We're seeing slow, careful wars. These will be the last wars in the Middle East. Just watch..."
" The end of the tunnel threat from Gaza. Israel is building an underground wall around Gaza. They're using ""slurry walls."" What's interesting is that the IDF is saying that it killed 14 terrorists when it blew up the Palestinian Islamic Jihad attack tunnel on October 30, 2017. TWO Palestinian Islamic Jihad commanders were killed. The article doesn't say so, but they were the top two operational commanders. Reporters have lost the ability to think: ""Out of concern that Hamas or other terror groups may try to interrupt construction, the workers are all meant to wear helmets and protective vests, but on Thursday many were not wearing the vests and almost all were helmet-less."" So what does that tell you? OTHER things are are being done, in other places. Duh. OH, I GET IT. The reporter is ANGRY. ""The army would not specify the depth of the underground barrier. The IDF official would only say, with a smirk, that it was 'deep enough.'"" ""Wipe that smirk off your face! How DARE you fight terrorism!"" Dumbass reporters don't know that SOMEBODY destroyed 28 Palestinian attack tunnels between January of 2016 and October 30, 2017. Can you imagine angry people would be if they knew about those operations? The terrorists who use attack tunnels are called ""Nokhba."" They operate in 13-man squads. You know how easy it is for SOMEONE to take out 13 men simultaneously? My guess is that all 28 destroyed tunnels contained 13-man squads. 13 X 28 = 364 There were about 500 Nokhba. Of course replacements could be trained, but they wouldn't have combat experience. A few days ago, there was a formation of Twitter dorks sent after me. They all had the same talking point: ""You're just making assumptions."" They don't actually know the definition of the word ""assumption."" An assumption is taking for granted that something is TRUE. I never do that. I make GUESSES. My guesses make people angry, so HERE'S a nice big fat one. First, the story. ""A Lebanese military court has handed down a six-month prison sentence to a journalist for comments critical of the Lebanese army, highlighting the close ties the army has with Hezbollah, the Associated Press reported Thursday."" ""The court ruled that [Hanin] Ghaddar, a U.S. resident, was guilty of 'defaming the Lebanese army, harming its reputation and accusing it of distinguishing between Lebanese citizens.'” ""Critics, including high-ranking government officials, have long suggested that the Lebanese army has been fully integrated with Iranian-backed terrorist group Hezbollah and follows Hezbollah’s orders."" ""In October 2017, Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman stated that 'The Lebanese army has turned into an integral part of Hezbollah’s command structure. The Lebanese army has lost its independence and become an inseparable part of the Hezbollah apparatus.'"" So: Hanin Ghaddar was sentenced IN ABSENTIA. She won't go to jail unless she flies to Lebanon. Secondly, Trump is arming the Lebanese military like mad. Advanced weapons: infantry fighting vehicles and counterinsurgency aircraft. Third, I can't find any evidence of Israel strenuously OPPOSING Trump's arming of the Lebanese military. This piece was written AFTER Lebanese Prime Minister Hariri resigned but BEFORE he suddenly reappeared back home and resumed his job. The piece says that Trump is delusional, basically, and that CONGRESS must take control. Finally, the Lebanese army suddenly changed its uniform. It's now using the pattern called ""multicam."" You know what all of this means to me? Hezbollah is finished. Not yet, but it will be. I trust Trump, the Israelis, the Saudis, and the Lebanese to create a strategic deception that will allow Lebanon to be free WITHOUT signalling it to the world. I've learned that the Gulf Cooperation Council acts incrementally. The enemy either quietly surrenders, or else the GCC and its allies undertake totally unexpected military actions that are somehow never filmed. There are currently NINE simultaneous ground offensives happening in Yemen. No video. So I think all the talk of the Lebanese military being a puppet of Hezbollah is strategic deception. IT MAY HAVE BEEN, but it clearly is not anymore. Trump wouldn't arm Hezbollah. The best military campaigns are the clandestine ones. So I'm not worried. Not in the slightest..."
" is a perfect example of why men are problematic when it comes to discussing military issues. It's all about dick measuring. Yesterday I blocked a guy who went insane because I disagreed with him that this weapon was put together in a garage. I told the guy several times that he needed to stop insulting me, but he wouldn't. His claim was STUPID. But since HE'D never seen the weapon, he had to tell ME that I didn't know what I was talking about. is the same way. No matter what I say, he tells me I'm wrong. What makes HIM an expert? Being a navy electrician in the Vietnam War era. Does that have anything whatsoever to do with Saudi Arabian strategic commando today? No. Of course not. But men are competitive. So they have a knee-jerk impulse to put down. I experienced this in every single field at which I tried my hand. It's STILL happening. I'm a professional investor. I use closed-end mutual funds, which give me a return on investment of almost 10 percent with only moderate risk. So of course MEN tell me that I'm NOT getting a 10 percent ROI. Then they go on to explain why MY experiences are not MY experiences. I've studies the Saudi and GCC armed forces daily for almost three years. Has studied the CURRENT armed forces for even one second? Of course not. The reason he tells me I'm wrong about every single thing I say is because HE DOESN'T KNOW THESE THINGS, and it makes him feel ashamed and threatened. He feels like he's less of a man. That's not my problem. Marilyn Monroe was a stunning intellectual who was never taken seriously because of her appearance. She said, ""I'm always running into other people's unconscious."" I tweet because it's fun. tweets to try and make up for his perceived deficits. Steve, don't use me as your whipping boy anymore. I don't CARE if you disagree with me. Tell other people. Start up a Website and call it . I've paid my dues in Men with Dick Issues Department. Your opinions are without value to me. American men need to STOP trying to bring everybody down. My dear father spent his life doing what you do. He's now in the ground. I don't need you to serve as his ghost. So it's time for you to stop showing me your penis. Thank you."
" Okay. NOW I'm angry. Another ""NOT GOOD ENOUGH!"" ""Women in Saudi Arabia need not wear head cover or the black abaya - the full-length robes symbolic of Islamic piety - as long as their attire is 'decent and respectful', the kingdom's crown prince has said."" SAUDI ARABIA. Women don't have to wear the abaya. So what do we get? ""Activists have blasted the country’s continued guardianship system requiring a male family member to grant permission for a woman to study abroad, travel and other activities."" ""Last week, a UN rights watchdog called on Saudi Arabia to end discriminatory practices against women including male guardianship, and give them full access to justice."" Now, who knows better how to manage mind-warping change in Saudi Arabia, the UN or Saudis? We went into Iraq and liberated them in three weeks. How did THAT go? Since people are now imbeciles, I'll explain to you what the Saudis are doing. They are opening up leadership positions to women in government, religion, the press, and industry. When women achieve full emancipation, THEY WILL ALREADY BE RUNNING THE COUNTRY, alongside men. There will be no period of ""training wheels."" An Iraqi writer said, ""The Americans let us out of our cage, but we didn't know how to fly."" Do you want a repeat of that? ABC has a smash hit TV Show with an unabashed Trump supporter as the star. NOT GOOD ENOUGH. The Saudis are transforming their society faster and more dramatically than anyone in human history. NOT GOOD ENOUGH. Pure negativity. DISGUSTING. I myself am GRATEFUL for ALL improvement, so I have no criticisms. Go ABC. Go Saudi Arabia. Ignore the negative mental patients. Their viewpoints are utterly worthless..."
" Okay, NOW we've moved into rhetoric from 1933. He's talking about Dana Loesch. ""She owns these congressmen. She could get them to do things. It's just that she doesn't care about these children's lives."" As a person with a BA in history, I've heard all this before. The NRA is holding the country hostage in order to make profits for the gun industry. That level of HATE existed before the Neanderthal kid shot up Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. The shooting is simply being used as a rationale to EXPRESS the hate. The NRA does not own Congress. Here's the NRA's statement on bump-fire stocks. Well, bump-fire stocks will be banned anyway. I'm not going to respond to any comments about Second Amendment rights or about the mechanics of devices that allow semiautomatics to fire at a rate similar to that of machine guns. What I'm writing about here is the LIE that the NRA controls the government. It's an especially egregious lie, because we're being told that the NRA doesn't care about the lives of children. Like I said, I've heard all this rhetoric before. THOSE PEOPLE controlled the government in order to plunder the GOOD people. THOSE PEOPLE care only about money. THOSE PEOPLE are all criminals. THOSE PEOPLE deserve to be killed. This is not how Americans do things. So this latest VERY UGLY push for gun control is doomed. I don't HATE the opposition. I could have a very civilized conversation with David Hogg. He's perfectly capable of restraining himself, and I'm not threatened by his demands. But David should know that hate is destructive of the hater. I survived the IRA bomb in Regent's Park on July 20, 1982. I was 20 years old. My brother and I turned left instead of right. But we felt the blast wave. I hate the Irish for at least 25 years. All it did was burn out my immune system, and I got Meniere's disease. It's incurable. After all that time, I came to accept that it was IMMORAL to hate all the Irish for the actions of a few. Here's one of the bombers. Because of a PAPERWORK mistake, he was allowed to avoid any charges, forever, and he's a free and happy fellow. To this day--36 years later--loud noises fill me with homicidal rage. The bomber is an unrepentant terrorist. But I don't hate THE IRISH because of him. I DID, and it destroyed me. But as long as you're alive, you can change. One of my favorite singers is Irish. She had nothing to do with July 20, 1982, so it would be wrong for me to hold her responsible. So take my hand and We'll explore a land Of mellow truthfulness... "
" Here's a thread that deserves discussion. I retweet because he offers information that I can't find anywhere else. I'm not taking sides in Iranian internal politics. I'm fully aware of the accusations made against NCRI/MEK. That's an issue that IRANIANS must address. The Iranian mullahs are a mafia. They MUST be removed. Look what happened in Iraq when Americans took sides and brought in people who we were told would fix everything. The Iraqis HATED them. Iraqi Major General Najim al-Jibouri moved to the US after helping us defeat al-Qaeda. He's the former mayor of Tal Afar. Al-Jibouri said, ""I love America, and America gave us the worst government we ever had."" I CANNOT have that on my conscience AGAIN. So I will not take sides in Iran. Iranians will make the decisions. Without bloodshed. Have faith in the Iranian people and their allies... "
" GUESS WHO IS LYING? Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico on September 20, 2017. Can you tell me when US aid began arriving in Puerto Rico? BEFORE THE HURRICANE HIT. ""FEMA also pre-positioned commodities at its Distribution Center and Warehouse in San Juan, Puerto Rico."" Here's the key: ""Commodities including meals, water, cots, and blankets are ready for distribution to the Commonwealth as requested."" Puerto Rico is in charge. Everyone who says otherwise is LYING. Every story that tells you about a ""slow response"" is a LIE. You can't get any faster than having supplies there BEFORE the hurricane hits. George W. Bush refused to defend himself. He let his enemies create the false Katrina narrative. Trump is no Bush, but everyone should pitch in to ensure that Operation Katrina backfires completely."
" Here's the new leftist talking point: A semiautomatic rifle makes a person invincible. Note the wording: ""PULLING a handgun."" In the leftist world, police walk into active-shooter situations with their pistols holstered. Madness. We have nearly endless evidence of trained officers armed with pistols killing untrained criminals armed with rifles. On June 14, 2017, a leftist mental patient with a history of arrests shot up Republican members of Congress practicing for a baseball game. He was armed with a rifle. Officers David Bailey and Crystal Griner immediately engaged the shooter. Officer Henry Cabrera joined the gun battle, as did two Alexandria Police Department officers. Fatboy comes out from behind the dugout, fumbling with his rifle, and four cops shoot him. Here's the Bernie Boy with his gigantic head. His rifle was no match for trained officers with pistols. Police are known as ""paramilitary,"" which means they have an organizational structure, tactics, and training similar to those of the military, but they aren't part of the armed forces. For the first time, we get to see how the military or paramilitary improvises an operation, which succeeds due to training. Would that be enough for you? I'd be like ""WAIT! WAIT! WAIT! I don't understand! Who? What? When? Where?"" BUT I'M NOT TRAINED. Those guys understood, because they're TRAINED. Training is a library. When you carry out an operation, you're drawing on books in your library. You've studied them thoroughly. It's a LIE that the GUN makes all the difference. Islamic State terrorist rushed by unarmed civilians. He was shot, but he was still very much alive and dangerous when the civilians ran in. They had to wait until the POLICE shot him. What if the man FILMING had a rifle...? "
" asks to be proven wrong. Since you made the request, David, here we go. Trump didn't call the sheriff a coward. It simply didn't happen. Trump also didn't ""evade the draft."" This is where the meanings of words and a knowledge of history com into play. Trump was given what are called ""deferments."" He was allowed to put off reporting to his draft board until he'd finished college. All American university students--regardless of wealth or influence--were allowed deferments. Somebody told you lies, and you simply repeated them. When Trump reported to his draft board, the MILITARY DOCTOR declared him physically unfit to serve. Trump had no say in the matter. As for Trump being ""owned by the NRA,"" I guess you missed Trump announcing today that bump-fire stocks will be banned. Are you aware of the NRA's position on bump-fire stocks, David? HOLY SMOKES! Look what you learn when you do RESEARCH, David: So David, I have proven you wrong. The NRA does NOT own Trump. My guess is that you will now move the goalposts. Even though you've been proven wrong on ALL POINTS, it will make no difference. HATE is not a political platform, David. I'll tell you where you and I agree, even though you oppose firearm ownership: Companies that sell firearms and accessories want it both ways. They don't want to be accused of inciting violence, but then they sell accessories that they tout as allowing a person to kill as many others as possible. This is the same 100-round magazine that the Las Vegas mass shooter used. Look at the name of the company and the logo. They're marketing their product by telling you that you ""stack bodies"" with it. This form of marketing is VERY stupid, so gun accessory manufacturers have only themselves to blame for the ban on bump-fire stocks. But David, YOU'RE saying equally destructive, nonsensical things. Do you know what you just said here? You just said that all a murderer needs to do is bring an AR-15, and the police don't have to stop him. So this is a giant mess. We all need to grow up. You aren't helping the situation by making baseless accusations against the president and encouraging murderers to use AR-15s. Stackin' Bodies isn't helping by marketing their accessories as devices that allow you to kill as many people as possible. Do you know why I bought firearms, David? My elderly parents were the victims of a home invasion. It was two women who weren't violent, so we lucked out. I lived next door to my parents to take care of them and keep them out of a nursing home. After my parents died in 2013, I was going to sell my firearms, but guess what happened? I began defending Israel, and I started getting death threats. I went to the LA Country Sheriff's Department and the FBI. You know what they told me to do? They told me to buy guns. I pay a HELL of a lot more in taxes than you do, David. That's my tax dollars at work. ""Buy guns. Good luck!"" You're a very young man, David. I wish you a long and happy life. By the time you're MY age, the world is going to be incredible. You know who's changing it for the better? This guy. You don't have to agree with him or even like him. But if you HATE him, it means there's something wrong with YOU. Try not to hate, David. It works out best for everybody..."
" Okay. Let's look into this. Here's where the Democrats (and Republican establishment) got the idea for how to smear Roy Moore. Sirota's Court was a short-lived TV series. I found this episode by looking on . This is all it took. ""Gadsden Assistant District Attorney"" brought me RIGHT TO THIS long-forgotten TV show. Look at the plot: A policewoman on the vice squad arrests a judge who she believes is trying to pick her up. Here's more detail of the plot: SURPRISE! It happened in a CAR! So we have a JUDGE accused of TRYING TO PICK UP a woman while they were IN A CAR. ""Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. The third time it's enemy actions."" --Ian Fleming, speaking as Auric Goldfinger Now, ""Sirota's Court"" ran from 1976 to 1977. BUT GUESS WHAT? From ""Target: Prime Time. Advocacy Groups and the Struggle Over Entertainment Television,"" by Kathryn C. Montgomery. Oxford University Press, 1990. Page 93. If THREE times is enemy action, what's FOUR TIMES? GUARANTEED enemy action. That's what it is. What I wrote above is--I believe--rock-solid evidence that Roy Moore's opponents based their smear campaign on an obscure TV show from 1976-1977. Since I love movies, however, I'll add some more. The judge accused of ""trying to pick up"" the police officer in a car was played by John Randolph. Anyone who looked up up Randolph would immediately discover his legendary film ""Seconds."" Seconds is about a secret group of powerful, wealthy, well-connected men who offer OTHER men a second chance at life. They fake your death, give you plastic surgery to change your appearance, and provide EVIDENCE of the new life they give you. John Randolph chooses to become Rock Hudson, a painter. So the secret organization MANUFACTURES DOCUMENTS that prove that Hudson exists and has been a successful painter for years. It's an absolutely terrifying film. The message is, ""The TRUTH is what WE SAY IT IS. Reality is what WE SAY IT IS."" Seconds is easily the most grueling film ever made. It is a MASSIVE DOWNER, so if you watch it, be prepared. The Democrats and the Republican establishment tried to pull a Seconds on Judge Roy Moore. They CREATED a ""truth"" out of thin air, and manufactured ""evidence."" The point of the movie Seconds is that people can be led to believe ANYTHING. ""Everyone KNEW that Roy Moore did these things."" The secret group MANUFACTURED a history that never existed. John Frankenheimer made the movie Seconds as an ALLEGORY. The Democrats and the Republican establishment made it into reality. The Roy Moore case is easily the most horrifying, nightmarish political hit job in American history. Rock Hudson had multiple breakdowns during the filming of Seconds. This scene is real. What haunts me about Seconds is the monstrous cruelty of the unstoppable secret group of wealthy, powerful, and well-connected men who do WHAT THEY WANT. They feel no pity. They mercilessly USE people to further their agenda. And they ROPE IN OTHERS to recruit the gullible. There's a room where men sit and wait their horrific fate. They're blissfully unaware of what's going to happen to them. Rock Hudson was not a strong man. He believed the lies. THIS is a strong man. He triumphed. Seconds is REAL, which I never in my life thought I'd say. But the answer is . It doesn't matter if you disagree with him on various points. We need him badly. There's no limit to what the opposition will do. Like the judge, I'm saddened. But like the judge, I'll never give up. Ever..."
" The general is the real thing, so he won't mind if I blather amateurishly and entertainingly. This is all pure conjecture. The first REAL intelligence leak about Trump took place in August of 2016, I think. Yeah, it was August 17, 2016. Trump received his first classified briefing, and unflattering details were leaked. Another leak on September 29, then November 15, then December 9. On January 11, 2017, Trump described how he identified leakers: He didn't tell anyone on his staff who he was going to meet. When the meeting was immediately, Trump knew that the leaker or leakers had been in the room. The Flynn story broke on February 9, 2017. The sources for the stories all said different things. I knew then that barium meals or canary traps had been used. The sources did not have access to primary intelligence. The sources were relying on reports. Each source was given a different report. When the different reports appeared in the newspapers, the sources were identified. A counter-espionage operation was run to identify leakers. I believe that all REAL intelligence leakers were fired. Trump is actually running the tightest ship in US history. THIS didn't leak. Why did the Deputy Commander of US Army Europe open the base? Because USAREUR is a conduit to NATO. Israel now has a direct line to NATO. NONE OF THIS LEAKED. Neither did Malaysia dumping North Korea. Or the Shia militia pledging their allegiance to the Iraqi government, thus breaking away from Iran. The US Army is now speaking of a ""partner force"" in Syria. Who are they? No idea. It hasn't leaked. A professional spook helped Trump with the barium meals/canary traps. That spook may still be helping..."
" I'm now ready to say that Mueller and Rosenstein are as far from ""dirty"" as you can imagine. This is a typical pro-Rosenstein piece. My theory is that THIS is the reaction Trump wants. Now, you need to understand: Trump isn't PLAYING GAMES. This is counterespionage. The stakes couldn't be higher. Rosenstein is the longest-serving US Attorney. He specializes in prosecuting corrupt public officials. People are telling you that Trump is ""smearing the entire FBI."" No. The most destructive spy in American history was Robert Hanssen, He spied for the Soviets and Russians for 22 years. The FBI caught him. In other words, the FBI opposed Hanssen's activities. Is the FBI smearing all of the FBI by criticizing Hanssen? Stupid semantics. Trump faced the very real danger of having his presidency demolished by leaks. Therefore Michael Flynn crafted a counterespionage operation that identified the leakers. As National Security Adviser, Flynn hired spooks from the Defense Intelligence Agency, as well as civilians who have almost no public footprint. These people all got Top Secret / Sensitive Compartmented Information (TS/SCI) security clearances, which they retain to this day. When they were ""fired,"" they disappeared. WITH their TS/SCI clearances. Flynn was recorded speaking to the Russian ambassador about sanctions. ""Didn't he know he was being recorded?"" people ask. Of course. Flynn also gave a VOLUNTARY interview with FBI agent Peter Strzok, in which Flynn made untrue statements. ""Didn't Flynn know that Strzok already knew the truth, and the interview was voluntary?"" people ask. Of course. Strzok got in trouble for his anti-Trump sentiments. What we've seen published shows HATRED of Trump. Trump appointed Rod Rosenstein as Deputy Attorney General. Rosenstein appointed Robert Mueller as Special Counsel to investigate Russia's interference in the 2016 election. Michael Flynn pleaded guilty to making false statements. Judge Rudolph Contreras accepted Flynn's plea. THEN Contreras was TAKEN OFF THE CASE. He did not recuse himself. No reason has been given. Robert Mueller has asked that Flynn's sentencing be delayed, due to Mueller's investigation determining that ""this is not the time"" to sentence Flynn. This request shows that Mueller is investigating SOMETHING that relates to how Flynn was charged. Let's go back to 2005. The US and Israel develop a computer virus called Stuxnet, which they use to destroy Iranian centrifuges. The centrifuges were made to spin so fast that they exploded. The Iranians had to replace EVERYTHING. Stuxnet is so pernicious that the system couldn't be cleansed of it. This caused a massive setback in the Iranian nuclear program. Stuxnet spread from the Iranian centrifuges to public computers. When the ""worm"" was examined, it was discovered that someone had INSERTED an error into the original program that would prevent the weapon from recognizing that it had spread from Iran. US Marine Corps General James Cartwright was the head of US Strategic Command in 2005. He presented George W. Bush the concept of Stuxnet in order to prevent Israel from acting against Iran on its own. After the defective version of Stuxnet began spreading to public systems, Cartwright leaked to the New York Times that it was a US-Israeli weapon. He then lied to FBI agents during an interview investing the leak. The investigation into Cartwright had multiple official roadblocks thrown in front of it. The New York Times story had appeared in 2012, and Cartwright became the subject of the investigation in 2013. The Obama administration refused to cooperation, citing national-security issues. White House Counsel Kathryn Ruemmler informed the DOJ prosecutor that NO documentation would be provided. But the DOJ prosecutor refused to give up, and he was able to build such a strong case that Cartwright pleaded guilty on October 17, 2016. The prosecutor sought the maximum sentence. Obama pardoned Cartwright on January 17, 2017, before Cartwright was sentenced. The DOJ prosecutor who went after Cartwright for THREE YEARS and got a guilty plea despite the Obama White House trying to stop him? Rod Rosenstein. If the FISA process is corrupt, it almost certainly means that there's a corrupt judge involved. In order to snare a corrupt judge, you need EVIDENCE of corruption. So that means you submit a FISA application that you KNOW the judge knows is flawed. So keep your powder dry on Rosenstein and Mueller. Everything you're being told is coming from either people with NO KNOWLEDGE or people who are probably involved in a massive counterespionage operation. The Trump administration hasn't suffered from any crippling INTELLIGENCE leaks. That's not luck. Trump and his allies made it happen... ADDENDUM: seems to have solved the case. He asked about Rudolph Contreras, the judge who accepted Michael Flynn's guilty plea and was then forcibly recused. ""Current"" membership of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. There we have Judge Contreras, whose term expires in 2023. I can't find it now, but last night I saw a list that did NOT include Contreras. I'll try to find it again... I'm coming up blank, but here's Reuters quoting the court that Contreras was taken off the Flynn case. So a FISC judge who issues FISA warrants is taken off the Flynn case, and then Mueller asks that Flynn's sentencing be delayed. Trump, Flynn, Rosenstein, and Mueller have got this covered. Ignore the gore crows. They're idiots..."
" Today was really FUN. All the anime-addicts came after me. You know what they're EXACTLY like? Vinz Clortho, Keymaster of Gozer. They're telling me I need to know this outrageously stupid horseshit, and they're using ridiculous neologisms. It's EXACTLY like THIS: ""I am Vinz. Vinz Clortho, Keymaster of Gozer, Volguus Zildrohar, Lord of the Sebouillia."" ""You will perish in flame! Soon as I find the Gatekeeper!"" ""Gozer the Traveler! He will come in one of the pre-chosen forms. During the Rectification of the Vuldronaii, the Traveler came as a large and moving Torb!"" ""Then, during the Third Reconciliation of the Last of the Meketrex Supplicants, they chose a new form for him, that of a giant Sloar! Many Shubs and Zuuls knew what it was to be roasted in the depths of a Sloar that day, I can tell you!"" WHO KNEW that Vinz Clortho was a cautionary character?! We LAUGHED. We said, ""What a great parody!"" And now, Vinz Clortho is REAL. There TENS OF MILLIONS of Vinz Clorthos, rubbing pizza slices on their faces and telling me about normies and waifus and the Vuldronaii and the Meketrex Supplicants. IT'S ALL REAL! For some reason I just can't stop laughing. My friend just got a tweet from a guy explaining that the female in the cartoon was an android with a transparent blindfold, and she had a sensor... Now I'm laughing too hard to finish. They're all Vinz Clortho, and they don't even know it! These abject LOSERS have been conned into becoming a clown from a classic comedic, and they think they're all hip and in-the-know. This is EVERY ANIME ADDICT ON TWITTER. ""Who let the boomer in here?"" Thanks SO MUCH for the laugh, guys. A PERFECT Friday... ADDENDUM: Right on cue! ""Are you the Keymaster?"" It's too magnificent. I'll leave all you Vinz Clorthos with part of a poem from someone you've never heard of. His name was Robert Burns. Burns wrote in the Scots dialect. His most famous poem is ""To a Louse."" Here's how it ends: O wad some Pow'r the giftie gie us To see oursels as ithers see us! It wad frae mony a blunder free us, An' foolish notion: What airs in dress an' gait wad lea'e us, An' ev'n devotion! Translated to standard English: Oh, would some Power give us the gift To see ourselves as others see us! It would from many a blunder free us, And foolish notion: What airs in dress and gait would leave us, And even devotion! ""Boomer! You're a boomer...!"" "
" Off the cuff. Sorry. I've been studying the Saudis daily since May of 2015. That was when I read an article that a 50-man team of Saudi commandos were landed in Aden, Yemen. They split into tow groups and went to Little Aden and Crater, where they held off about 40,000 Houthis for two months. I couldn't understand how 50 men could make a strategic difference. In my reason, I found ANOTHER example: Siege of Kobane, 2014. On October 29, fifty unidentified Arabs entered Kobane from Turkey. We'd been carrying out air strikes since September 27, but we had no JTACs (joint terminal attack controllers). JTACs are airmen on the ground who call in air strikes. Obama had prohibited JTACs, so we were bombing blind. After the fifty Arabs went in, the tide of the battle turned. Two weeks later, every Islamic State commander was dead. It was over 10,000 terrorists with tanks and heavy artillery. Again, a very small number of Arab commandos defeated them. So I started watching all the videos, and I noticed that tons of advanced, totally unidentified weaponry was being used. I knew that the Saudis had given Israel intelligence in 2006, and then I learned that Israel had sold weapons to the Saudis in 2007. So I figured that the Saudis and the rest of the GCC had made peace with Israel and funded weapon development to the tune of trillions. Then I read an article by an Israel about strategic special forces. That was the last piece of the puzzle. I knew the Saudis had built multiple special-forces training schools. Jordan, Qatar, and the UAE had too. The GCC created a new soldier, the strategic special operator. And this was all off the top of my head too. Ha."
" Someone asked me why Trump would say he's going to withdraw our troops from Syria. I said it's a negotiating tactic and a warning. Here you go. By keeping everyone but our closest allies off balance, Trump prevents the opposition from making plans. Remember: We just had meetings with the Saudi defense establishment. Trump is doing what he was asked to do. The Saudis are telling people--just like parents do--""Do I have to come in there?"" By threatening to leave, Trump makes people realize that they have to cooperate. Or they get to experience overt Saudi intervention. This is all negotiations. It's what they do in the business world every day..."
" I'm very tired, so I'm going to sign off. I believe I've proven that Roy Moore is innocent of the accusations made against him. The judge and I disagree on FAR more than we agree on. So why did I debunk the accusations made against him? Because he deserves a fair shake. So do his supporters. The New York Times says that the GOP will likely block Moore from being seated if he wins. The reason is that defending Moore would cost them political capital. Utterly sickening and pathetic. You defend Moore by PROVING THE FALSITY OF THE ACCUSATIONS. And THEN you go on the attack. If the opposing party wants to make the 2018 elections about inappropriate or illegal sexual behavior, let's do it. Send ME the verifiable information. I'LL publish it. See, I AM NOT EMBARRASSED IN THE SLIGHTEST by Judge Moore, even though he and I disagree about most things. I found it EASY to defend him. I don't CARE what others think. The point is that the judge and his supporters are being ABUSED. This must stop. I don't get gutless Republicans. It's EASY to defend against lies. All you do is PRESENT FACTS. I haven't attacked the accuser. All I did was show that the story doesn't add up. If people want me to BELIEVE THEM, they have to make an effort to be BELIEVABLE. Read about Roy Moore. He became a champion kick boxer at the age of 35, in nine months, while holding a full-time job. Then he became a cowboy in Australia. Every single accusation about the judge and teenage girls came out in the past ten days or so. The FIRST named accuser was such a mess that the judge's opponents moved on. The current names accuser says she her yearbook in December, while the school says that yearbooks are issued in August. Somebody wrote ""12-22-77, Olde Hickory House"" under the judge's alleged signature. It's in different handwriting than the inscription and signature. The actual name of the restaurant was ""Old Hickory House,"" and Moore was never the district attorney, even though the accuser called him that. Facts are stubborn things. I have nothing against the accuser. I simply don't believe her. Republican politicians are catastrophically inept, weak, and rudderless. I'd defend Roy Moore at any time, since I now believe him to be INNOCENT of the accusations. It doesn't matter that he and I disagree on so much. He GETS TO HAVE DIFFERING OPINIONS. Defending the judge is a MORAL DUTY for me, now that I believe that he's innocent. For some reason people never grasp this: You make a choice and you accept the risk. I don't KNOW the judge. But he denies the accusations. What more can I ask of him? His ACCUSERS must convince ME that THEY are telling the truth. The judge is a man of superhuman discipline. His record of superhuman discipline goes back to Vietnam. One of the great, underrated films of all time is ""Soldier,"" starring Kurt Russell. It takes place far in the future, when soldiers are trained to be virtual machines. Russell finds himself among non-soldiers who can't understand him. ""What do you feel?"" a woman asks. Russell can't answer. As the women turns away, Russell blurts, ""Fear!"" She looks back at him, and he says, ""Fear and discipline."" Roy Moore may be one of the most disciplined people I've ever come across. I simply don't believe that he ran around Gadsden like a lunatic, accosting girls and young women while in a state of total bestial abandon. We all fear change and uncertainty. The answer is discipline. Do you hear me, weak Republicans? Discipline yourselves. Stop being spineless and nauseating. To Alabamans I say, ""Truth will out."" Vote in good faith. What will be, will be. And now, good night! ADDENDUM: I'm so tired and dizzy that I can't write. Here's the correction for No. 11 above: ""The current named accuser says she got her yearbook in December, while the school says that yearbooks are issued in August."""
" Why do Democrats always fail at foreign policy? Let explain. We begin with Ginsberg calling Hezbollah ""Iran's Blackwater."" This is apocalyptic stupidity. Hezbollah is a terrorist group. Blackwater were security contractors. Ginsberg is saying that since Saddam Hussein had a mustache, Colonel Sanders is Saddam Hussein. Then Ginsberg flat-out lies: ""Wouldn’t it be helpful if we had a competent Secretary of State in office instead of Rex Tillerson – one of the most incompetent secretaries, if not the most incompetent, since World War II."" This is pure partisan politics. Tillerson is at least 2000 times the man Ginsberg is. Why does Ginsberg insult Tillerson? Because Tillerson chooses to not announce his breakthroughs over a PA system. Ginsberg is from the dead Era of Blather. This is Ginsberg. What follows is pure insanity: ""Third, after a nightmare of losses in Lebanon, the last thing Israel wants to be is lured by the Saudis (at the behest perhaps of neophyte Jared Kushner) into another Lebanese war."" This presupposes that Israel is run by toddlers, the Saudis have no means of projecting force, and Kushner is the most powerful man in the world. Can you now see how utterly cut off from reality Democrats are? Imagine the damage this guy did as ambassador to Morocco. The world doesn't work the way this FORMER US AMBASSADOR says it does. You'd get better analysis from the first person you stopped on the street. ""Hezbollah is Lebanon’s dominant political and military force. There is simply insufficient Lebanese popular support to challenge it or to checkmate its militia."" Claptrap. Hezbollah didn't fight in Syria. It made deals. Hezbollah is armed with unused machine guns from 1919. The people who will fight Hezbollah if necessary have THIS. As ALWAYS, Democrats refuse to admit the existence of Arabs, other than as sinister forces trying to use their bazaar skills to talk others into going to war. The world has completely changed. Rickety American ex-ambassadors need to go somewhere quiet and get plastered on mimosas. They're MISLEADING the gullible. Currently the Saudis are fighting FIVE WARS simultaneously without breaking a sweat. It's time that Democrats ACKNOWLEDGE that we are in no position to do anything except LISTEN and HELP, if asked. The way Rex Tillerson does..."
" I admit that my theory is simply a theory: This was GIVEN to Assad's side. What's my evidence? Videos show playacting, not actual combat. And the Internet and Twitter are sluggish right now, so I'll revisit this LATER. No patience for it at the moment..."
" HOLY SMOKES! Iran loses another ally. ""The meeting commended the role of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and sister countries to support the people of Qatar."" Nothing like this has ever happened before. We're seeing Arab countries beginning to accept DISSENT WITHOUT VIOLENCE. And we can't exclude the possibility that all of this is both real AND theater. Qatar sponsored terrorism for geopolitical reasons. It could be that Qatar already turned against Iran and Hezbollah a long time ago but is continuing to play the villain as a form of strategic deception. At any rate, the emir's family has spoken out against him. Completely unprecedented..."
" brings my attention to this video. First, I need to remind everyone that I don't choose sides between Persians and others in the Middle East. I support everyone who wants to be free. The video of the Iranian woman reminds of THESE videos. For YEARS, there were videos of Saudi women defying the Religious Police. These videos created a vigorous debate in Saudi Arabia. AND people got used to seeing women standing up for themselves. I'm beginning to see the same kind of videos coming from Iran. Now, the Morality Police--or the Religious Police, as they were called in Saudi Arabia--have absolute power. You CAN'T resist them. Yet women ARE resisting them. That means that women have VERY powerful allies. It's a very good sign that Iranian women are publicly defying the Morality Police. It means that the government is much weaker than it appears. Videos show that there's a coordinated campaign in Iran to help people get used to change. One group had a guardian. The man on the right is guarding the dancers. He holds a piece of paper over his left jacket pocket to hide something. As he guarded, he filmed with his glasses. Somebody interrupted. But the dancing continued. The person filming from THIS angle is another guardian. The guardian makes eye contact with the other guardian. The guardian has massively powerful legs, and he stands ready to leap into action. Although the Iranians will free themselves with a minimum of violence, they have guardians who will kill when necessary. The mullahs have no choice. Freedom WILL happen. A man who stands like a statue, unafraid, his face covered, is VERY intimidating. His right hand is ready. Iran is full of such guardians. The Basij are coming over to the right side. Freedom will finally happen. Sooner rather than later..."
" makes a point. I've always been obsessed with squandered second chances. The movie ""Seconds"" is about a secret society of rich, powerful men who give other men second chances. They fake your death, give you a new face, and create a fake current history for you. Rock Hudson is made into a successful painter. Newspapers, gallery reviews, and books are all changed to make it appear that he's already an established painter. But the secret, powerful society of men discover something: When given a second chance, most people make the same bad choices all over again. My father got TWO major second chances. In 1985, he told us that he had another family. Another ""wife"" and a son. My father revealed it because his second ""wife"" was demanding that my father divorce my mother. He didn't want a divorce. It was a big ol' mess that my father had created. So my mother bailed him out. She said he could stay on the condition that he introduce his other son to us, his five kids. So my new brother came out here alone when he was seven, to meet siblings twenty years older. He's Dutch, but he speaks perfect American English. Everything worked out fine. He's just my bro. Here I am with him when he was all grown up. He's not an early riser. My father told my mother that he'd screwed up his first five kids, but everything would be different with his new son. It wasn't. My Dutch brother is the man his is because of MY MOTHER. He began calling her ""Mom."" When she died, her estate was divided six ways, even though she bore only five children. And her obituary says she left six children. Was my father GRATEFUL that his wife and children hadn't thrown him out for his terrible choices? NO. He REPLICATED all his terrible choices. My Dutch brother has THREE fathers: His biological father, me, and our brother Tim. Tim and I worked overtime to save our brother. And it worked. HE saved HIMSELF. It just took support. The second chance my father got was at life. One morning his chest hurt, so he came marching over blared, ""I'M HAVING A HEART ATTACK!"" This was a guy who smoked 100 cigarettes a day. Five packs. We got him to the hospital, and they gave him an EKG. Two minutes later, he was in surgery. Quintuple bypass. His heart was 99 percent blocked. He survived with no damage to his heart. Was he grateful? NO. He actually became EVEN MORE COMBATIVE AND BELLIGERENT. I almost rang his bell with a shovel because he was so rude to me. Nobody in my life had ever spoken to me that way. My father was terrified of death. He died in total terror. FOR NO REASON. I haven't been able to swim in well over a month. The Chinese won. I had to give up. The hawking and spitting drove us from pool to pool, six times. Then I quit. My hip is killing me, I had a week or more of PTSD recently, I['m having nightmares... BUT. I'm happy. The world is improving. I'm barely even here anymore. All I do is study the Middle East and collect postcards. I'll go swimming again when I'm in Las Vegas. We have our own pool! People squander second chances because all they think about is themselves. A second chance makes them bitter, because they want ENDLESS chances. It honestly shocked me that my father was terrified of death. Several years ago, my brother and I were in his car in the mountains, and we spun out on a patch of oil. We went halfway over the edge. The front of the car was hanging over a 1000-foot drop. ""What do we do?"" I asked. My brother laughed and said, ""What do we do? We DIE!"" And I cracked up too. While we were sitting in the car laughing, suddenly we were yanked backward onto the road. An AAA tow-truck driver had seen us spin out, and he got out and hooked up the chain in about 15 seconds. He saved our lives. He refused a reward, and he called us ""boss"" and put his right hand on his heart after he shook hands with us. That means he's an Arab immigrant. He wasn't even excited. Maybe he saves people all the time. I'm VERY glad that Umar--the tow-truck driver--saved us. AND I would've been okay with the car going over the edge and dropping us 100 feet. I can accept anything now. Except for rude, domineering people. You have no place in my life..."
" Article on Twitter and the way people use it. Now, of course isn't asking for advice, and whenever I speak to leftist women as equals, I get accused of ""mansplaining."" But I'm going to do it anyway. Why am I going to do it anyway? I'm going to do it anyway because I never let OTHERS dictate to me. I address everyone the same way. For some reason leftists think it's condescending for me to address women the same way I address men. To avoid the accusation of ""mansplaining,"" I'm supposed to put in a mile of disclaimers and a pile of cushions that reach to the sky. This is to prevent the woman from bursting into tears, I guess. The simple fact is, THIS IS TWITTER. The world's largest mental asylum. I take nothing personally. ""Consider the source"" is my motto. I've been the target of coordinated harassment campaigns. One night about 500 Jew-haters came after me. So I took them all on. This was the leader. These ""people"" all read from the same script. So she said I'm old, ugly, lonely, sad, and a pedophile. Things I heard millions of times. So first I said, ""You know, your name rhymes with 'Diarrhea.'"" She didn't expect that. After calling her ""Dirarrhea"" for a while, I changed it to ""Miss Piggy."" First she tried to brazen it out, but then she blocked me. A young Jew-hating woman with an Indian name and face joined in. I said, ""I'll have tandoori chicken, nan, palak paneer, rogan josh, and a Diet Coke. Thanks."" She became hysterical. A Jew-hating Irish psychiatrist named Jack Tipple said, ""How's your father, Tom? Still dead?"" I said, ""No, he recovered. We're having dinner tonight."" One by one, all Jew-haters dropped. I was the last man standing. Why? Because these people mean nothing to me. Social media is a giant ripoff. UNLESS. You use it the right way. So whether you're leftist or rightist, you'll go far on social media if you don't let it get to you. My main purpose here is to help people be less upset. As a result, hordes of mental patients descend. The quality of the mental patient has deteriorated, so usually I just block them. Social media--for me--isn't a place of ""debate."" I'm not trying to change anybody's mind. I tweet as a hobby and as an attempt to neutralize the near-universal negativity and fear mongering. Sometimes I mock idiots because they give me a straight line that I can't resist. But nobody should take me personally. What you're seeing on Twitter is a performance. I work really hard to be entertaining. I believe everything I say, but I use my ten years as a music journalist to say it in a way that holds your attention. The guy tweeting is an amped-up version of the real guy. The tweeter is an exaggeration. So don't let an exaggeration make you feel bad. As long as I'm going to be a hermit, I may as well be an ENTERTAINING hermit... ADDENDUM: I'm edging up on 100,000 followers, which is insane. TO ME, that means I have to be considerate. That many followers is based on giving the folks what they want. People THINK that when you achieve some level of public recognition, that means you can now start yapping about your personal hobby horses. No. That's a form of abuse. And it's stupid. Since I enjoy tweeting about the stuff I tweet about, there's no danger of me suddenly trying to ram personal issues down readers' throats. AND. We'll have a LOTS MORE stuff to talk about, world-wise. Improvement-wise. It's about the world, not me..."
" DACA. Why don't I care about ""Dreamers""? Because they don't care about ME. They do THIS. They've driven me out of my city, after 30 years. With all my illnesses, at the age of 55, I have to haul up stakes. You expect me to care about people who do THIS? These Spanish speakers mow their lawn AT NIGHT. The ENTIRE CITY does that. And they have parties ALL THE TIME. These people don't give a CRAP about MY welfare, so I don't care about THEM. It's very simple: If they hadn't broken so many laws, I'd be more sympathetic. GUESS WHAT HAPPENED AT MY NEW HOUSE? We have neighbors on two sides. AFTER we bought the house, one of the neighbors built a chicken coop. He has roosters that crow all day and night. The other neighbors complained to him, and he begged them in broken English not to call the police. He's a Mexican cock fighter, and he has trailers all over his property where families stay for a while and then leave. Nobody helped me in my current city. God helps those who help themselves. Señor Cockfighter Coyote is going to get the full force of the law applied to him. I don't CARE if he came from a garbage dump. He brought the dump WITH HIM. I've been told that roosters remind them of the Old Country. Then they need to GO BACK. I'm not required to suffer through the crowing of roosters, just because a Third Worlder wants to be reminded of the garbage dump he came from. You know what the Kuwaitis said about Syrian refugees? ""Kuwait is a First World country. These people will NEVER assimilate, and they'll be on the dole forever. It's not fair to Kuwaitis that their of quality of life be negatively impacted. We'll help, but the Syrians can't come here."" For the last twenty years, I've had to put up with earsplitting music, nocturnal lawn mowing, barking dogs, and skyrockets. I've paid my dues. Now it's time for me to think about ME. So I'm going to land on the rooster man like a ton of lawyers. In 1986, a Mexican door-to-door soup salesman parked up the street and left his three-year-old in the car. The kid released the brake, and the car came into my parents' driveway and totaled THEIR car. The soup salesman wept piteously...because he was ILLEGAL. He had no way of paying for a new car for my parents, and the LA County Sheriff's Department was prohibited from calling the feds. So the guy WALKED. Where's the morality in THAT, my Dreamers? Time for you all to go home. You had a nice long ride, but now the party's over. My parents lost their car to an illegal, my brother was hit by an illegal, and my sister was hit by an illegal. ENOUGH. No more taking advantage. Because that's what you do. You TAKE ADVANTAGE. So go home and get at the back of the line. The Democrats will refuse to make a deal with Trump, because they're goign to run on the DACA issue in 2018. Suicidal. The average American is like me. We're SICK of having our lives NEGATIVELY IMPACTED by illegals. We're sick of roosters and car accidents. So go home, Dreamers, and come back LEGALLY. No more law-breaking. This is America, not Mexico..."
" See this woman? Samantha Power. The self-described ""genocide chick."" A Harvard academic who originated a particular form of madness called ""Responsibility to Protect"" (R2P). R2P requires that nations invade other nations to prevent genocide. Power once said it might be necessary to invade Israel to protect the Palestinians from genocide. Power doesn't actually know the definition of the word ""genocide,"" even though she wrote a book about it. The Palestinians are experiencing an ANTI-genocide. They're procreating and thriving and dying of obesity and smoking. The 2011 war to overthrow Gaddafi was the first and last R2P war. Gadaffi wasn't committing genocide, but Power said he was, so Obama helped overthrow him. Behold the Law of Unintended Consequences. One of the Libyan rebels we helped was Ahmed Dabbashi, who became the most prolific migrant smuggler in human history. Dabbashi by himself smuggled ALL the illegal aliens into Italy from 2011. His militia was finally expelled from Sabratha, so the smuggling has finally stopped. For now. The people who stopped the smuggling are the Libyan National Army and al-Qaeda. Here's how WONDERFUL Samantha Power's ideas are: Libya now has TWO governments. The UN recognizes the one in Tripoli, but NATO supports the one in Tobruk. Both governments were legitimately elected, and neither recognizes the other. It's a catastrophe. The Tobruk government has Field Marshal Khalifa Haftar, the only Libyan officer who can fight. He defeated the Islamic State--but he's in it for himself. So the UN is providing feeble training for the Tripoli government, and Field Marshal Haftar is engaged in a nationwide protection racket. He's fought and defeated literally every single political faction in Libya. Very skilled, and totally corrupt. So NOW what the hell are we supposed to do? To prevent migrant smuggling, we have to help AL-QAEDA. We can't do that, of course. EVERYBODY IN LIBYA is taking advantage. I assume that at some point, the Gulf Cooperation Council will get around to Libya, but the members of the GCC all support different governments, factions, field marshals, etc. One of the reasons we got involved in Libya was because Gaddafi was allegedly persecuting the religious. Ahmed Dabbashi--the king migrant smuggler--was a religious rebel. Who smoked, drank, and never went to the mosque. We got involved in Libya to protect. Well, guess what? Libyans hate black people. So after we liberated them, they massacred black people. In once case, they jammed 400 people into a shipping container in the desert and closed the door. Because of Samantha Power's war, al-Qaeda went into Mali, and it took the French five years to chase them out. Al-Qaeda and the Islamic State are now EVERYWHERE in the Sahel: Niger, Burkina Faso, Chad, Mali, and Mauritania. Boko Haram are in Nigeria, and al-Shabbab are in Somalia and Kenya. Obama and Samantha Power made EVERYTHING EXPONENTIALLY WORSE. Samantha Power is what happens when leftist academics are put in charge. Disaster. Death. Horror. And they NEVER ADMIT TO IT..."
" asks for a thread on the lies of . Harris accuses the US of turning its back on the Jewish people during the Holocaust. This is not true. The Nazis came to power on January 30, 1933. On March 23, 1933, the Nazi-controlled parliament made Hitler the absolute ruler of Germany with the Enabling Act. The Nazis then began in earnest a plan to drive all the Jewish people from Germany. After about 38,000 of Germany's 523,000 fled the country, the outflow stopped. At the time, the US had the same immigration laws we have now: It's extremely hard for Europeans to emigrate here. In 1938, Germany annexed Austria, and the Kristallnacht pogrom took place. Immigration spiked again. So Franklin Roosevelt called for the Evian Conference in July of 1938. Of the 32 countries attending, only the Dominican Republic agreed to accept more immigrants than it had before. You have to look at the CONTEXT. The US Was still in the grip of the Great Depression, and the Nazis were stating their intention to drive the Jews into neighboring European countries. After the experience of World War One, the US was staunchly isolationist. The argument being made is this: Americans opposed all immigration at the time, but they opposed immigration of Jewish people only because of antisemitism. Sure. Makes sense. The Nazis invaded Poland on September 1, 1939. They created the General Government, a Nazi-run administrative zone. All of Europe's Jews were to be sent to ghettos in the General Government. Then on June 22, 1941, the Nazis invaded the Soviet Union. Accompanying the troops were deaths squads called ""Einsatzgruppen"" (Mission Units). THEY began murdering Jewish people. The decision to exterminate the Jewish people was made sometime prior to June of 1941, but it was only ACTED ON in June of 1941. The Einsatzgruppen shot people. This was inefficient and stressful forthe murderers. Therefore on January 20, 1942, the Nazis had the Wannsee Conference, in which they laid out their plans for industrialized mass murder in death camps. In August of 1942, the World Jewish Congress’s representative in Switzerland--Gerhart Riegner--report the Final Solution to his organization’s president, Rabbi Stephen Wise. He sent the message through the US State Department. The State Department didn't believe it. Industrialized mass murder was unprecedented. So the State Department investigated for three months and then confirmed that the Final Solution was real. This information was released to the press in November of 1942. We're told that Americans singled out Jewish people as ""undesirables"" who should not be let into the country. Well, Americans demanded a rescue of the Jewish people in Europe. This of course was not possible. When the Nazis began losing, they started murdering their prisoners at a higher rate in order to erase the evidence. On December 17, 1942, the Allies released a Declaration on Atrocities, putting the Nazis on notice that their activities had been exposed. But there was simply no way to rescue the people in the death camps. And guess what? To this day, Allied troops are accused of murdering Nazi death-camp guards. There's no evidence that it happened on a large scale. The photo USED as evidence is clearly NOT evidence. Here's the photo. Click it to enlarge it. There's no ammunition belt in the machine gun. The Nazis are huddling in terror, because THEY are murderers, so they expected to be murdered. I'm sure the Americans yelled at them, so the Nazis fell to the ground. A few of them remain standing. Would they still be standing if someone had just raked them with a machine gun? The point is to always criticize the US, no matter what. In reality we had no idea that the Nazis were trying to exterminate the Jewish people, and when we found out, there was nothing we could do to stop it. is another America-hater who uses America to get rich and famous. To do so, she has to lie. John Kelly showed her the respect she deserves... "
" left out a TINY DETAIL about Kamala Harris: As District Attorney of the City and County of San Francisco, Harris got Americans killed. San Francisco is a ""sanctuary city,"" so Harris refused to turn illegal-alien criminals over to the feds, regardless of the crime. Edwin Ramos is a Salvadoran member of MS-13. He was convicted of multiple and increasingly violent crimes, but he was never deported. On June 22, 2008, Ramos murdered Tony Bologna, Michael, and Matthew Bologna because Ramos thought they MAY HAVE BEEN gang members. A third son was severely wounded. Because of Kamala Harris's refusal to enforce the law, countless Americans have had their lives either taken or ruined. Harris deserves better? She deserves to be stripped of her citizenship and deported to El Salvador. Either that, or she deserves to have MS-13 gang members put in her house 24 hours a day. See how SHE likes it..."
" I think THIS is very significant. Children are joining in the protests. Until this moment, children were not involved. Iran has a very painful past of using child soldiers in Iran-Iraq War. This was a regime tactic. There is absolutely NO CHANCE that today's protesters would risk the lives of children. Therefore I believe that the presence of children indicates that the security forces are gradually loosening their grip. Let's think about this: Which would be easier for the Iranian people to handle? A: The violent overthrow of the mullahs in a week. B: The incremental weakening of the mullahs' power until they had no choice except to leave. An Iranian writer said that Iran is a revolutionary culture. Therefore the mullahs would have plans for EVERYTHING. Except the gradual defection of their security forces over a relatively long period. IF--and that's a BIG IF--this is plan, it's brilliant beyond anything ever attempted. It shows stunning foresight. This plan would avoid ALL POSSIBLE PITFALLS. The protests would become background noise: small gatherings that mean nothing. But little by little, the mullahs' forces would abandon them. What could the mullahs' do? NOTHING. We've see evidence of heavy firepower used. Turn up the volume: This not smalls-arms fire. More heavy firepower. What if this firepower is being used not only to defend the protesters but the SECURITY FORCES who refuse to harm the protesters? The mullahs could say NOTHING. What if the help Iranians are getting is in the form of PROTECTION ONLY, and they themselves are doing the heavy lifting? If this is the plan, it will appeal to virtually the entire country--except for the mullahs. No threat of war. No massive casualties. Simply a message, like the one sent to Vladimir Putin. The message is, ""You will no longer be allowed to carry out certain actions."" That's all. The rest is up to the Iranians. If this is the plan, it will be 100 percent successful..."
" D'OH! ""Sources told the New York Times that [Peter] Strzok had come under investigation by the Justice Department's inspector general after the discovery of texts he sent to a colleague that could be construed as being anti-Trump."" ""The Washington Post reported that Strzok had been texting FBI lawyer Lisa Page, who worked for Deputy Director Andrew McCabe and had been part of the Mueller team into the summer."" ""The two had also been involved in an extramarital affair during the FBI's Hillary Clinton email investigation, which Strzok had been working on."" Hey, how do you suppose the FBI learned of Strzok's PRIVATE TEXTS? Thus we see that the FBI has invented a new cartoon sound effect... ""WHY DON'T SESSIONS DO SOMETHING?"" What makes you think he isn't?"
" The Turks claim that the tank in this video survived virtually unscathed. I wouldn't be so sure. We have two photos of the tank that the Turks released. This one was taken first. Here's the second one. The antitank guided missile (ATGM) hit the turret exactly where the ammunition is stored. It was a perfect shot. An ATGM uses a shaped charge to send a jet of molten copper through a tank's armor. In this AGM-114 Hellfire, you can see the copper cone surrounded by pink high explosive. The side armor of the German Leopard 2 tank is much thinner than the frontal armor. Germans designed the tank to use speed and maneuverability as its main defenses. The damage to the Turkish tank is different in the two photos. The Turks rearranged the bent railing, and the turret was rotated. See the pink area on the turret? That's the primer. Therefore the ATGM took off TWO coats of paint. An ATGM makes a very small hole. However, it also damages the armor in a ""splash"" pattern. We don't see that splash on the Turkish tank. The pink beacon on the missile is filled with Xenon gas. Such a beacon is used with thermal sights. The Kurds are not known to have any ATGM launchers with thermal sights. My guess is that Kurds didn't fire the ATGM, and it's a new weapon that has a different signature. I'm pretty sure it knocked out the tank. The Kurds are operating in small teams that carry out night raids. Here's the result of one. Each of those rolled-up mats represents one enemy soldier. One DECEASED enemy soldier. Social media is showing itself to be a huge waste of time. It's getting harder and harder for me to find any worthwhile analysis. An important message from the White House. So what do we get in response? On the one hand is the right wing, which thinks that Trump is a toddler forever on the verge of being taken down. On the other hand is the left wing, which thinks that Trump can't formulate sentences. I no longer differentiate between the two. They both think that Trump is unfit to president. I can't deal with such craziness. And in the case of Syria, not a single ""analyst"" is aware of Arab armed forces playing a part. Can you see how this is all so discouraging? I feel better when I stay off of social media. Let's hope that something big and simple and unambiguous happens soon, so that all the light bulbs go on over all the heads, and reality is finally seen. Until then, it's going to be hard for people like me to find any value here..."
" Yesterday I wrote that Iran was behind the murder of Abdullah Issa. Issa was a 19-year-old Syrian soldier who suffered from an illness that made him look like a child. Sunni Islamist terrorists of Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki murdered Issa by cutting off his head. Today we learn this. ""Iran offered some 'Saudi brothers' in al Qaeda “everything they needed,” including “money, arms” and “training in Hezbollah camps..."" ""In Lebanon, in exchange for striking American interests in Saudi Arabia and the Gulf.” Iran cares nothing about individual Shia lives. Neither does Hezbollah. Iran and Hezbollah offered to train al-Qaeda. That's all you need to know. ""The author explains that al Qaeda is not at war with Iran and some of their 'interests intersect'..."" ""Especially when it comes to being an 'enemy of America.'"" This explains a lot. In Syria, al-Qaeda and the Islamic State are given safe passage out of cities. The US bombed one bus convoy because it was headed for Iraq. In the past, ALL Muslim governments and terrorists made these kinds of deals. This made it impossible for the US to win. All of that has changed. When the Iraqis took back Kirkuk from the Kurds, we didn't interfere because it was done WITHOUT BLOODSHED. The Kurds were CONFUSED out of Kirkuk. Iraq's Gulf Arab allies used advanced electronic warfare (EW) technology. Basically the Kurds were given sham orders, and they were tricked into thinking that the Shia militias were coming. The Iraqis took Kirkuk in 15 hours. It had to be done. NOW there can be legitimate negotiations. You can't negotiate with people who've done things by force. The Iranian mullahs are easily the most ruthless, inhuman dictators the world has ever seen. They sacrifice THEIR OWN, without a qualm. Of course I oppose the GOALS of the Iranian armed forces, but it's sickening that these men fight in good faith and are MURDERED. THEIR OWN COMMANDERS allow them to be murdered. The Iranians cleared minefields with CHILDREN. Since 2011, Assad, Iran, and Hezbollah told us that they're ""fighting terrorism."" No. They're ARMING AND TRAINING AL-QAEDA. Putin is also in this up to his nose. Think of everyone who believed their leaders, only to be fed to the wolves. For that reason alone, Assad, the mullahs, Putin, and Nasrallah need to go. They're not human..."
" Let's take a guess what happened. Brigadier General Tareq Mohammad Abdullah Saleh (center) is the nephew of the late Yemeni dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh. Ali Abdullah Saleh was allied with the Iran-backed Houthis, but suddenly the two sides turned against each other. Ali Abdullah Saleh looted Yemen of $60 billion, and he turned against the Saudis after they saved his life in 2011. He was a typical two-faced trouble-making strongman, in it for himself. In early December, Ali Abdullah Saleh was killed, along with most of his family. Today, his nephew Brigadier General Tareq Saleh suddenly appeared, alive and well, calling on Yemen to join the fight against the Houthis. So what happened? ""Military sources said that he fled his uncle’s house with a group of his bodyguards who had attacked Houthi checkpoints near the area."" The house was SURROUNDED, and then the Houthis leveled it. No. The Brigadier General was rescued by men who infiltrated into Sana'a, went THROUGH the Houthi perimeter, scooped up Saleh, and then fought their way out of Sana'a, checkpoint by checkpoint...UNNOTICED. Until this moment, the Houthis thought he was dead. That means the General's rescuers FOOLED the entire Iranian intelligence apparatus. No leaks. Airtight operations security (OPSEC). The Houthis had stationed forces in houses all around Ali Abdullah Saleh's residence. Nobody knew anything was wrong until THE FIGHTING BEGAN. It was a giant ambush. So Brigadier General Saleh's rescuers went in and saved him IN THE MIDDLE OF AN AMBUSH. American Special Forces would not even be allowed to ATTEMPT such an operation. I have no doubt that the General's rescuers operate autonomously, and they improvised the mission on the spot. General Saleh has been under the radar for five weeks. NOBODY knew he was alive. THAT is how good our Arab allies are..."
" gives me an opening to talk about this. I don't know anything about Ms. Driver's personal life. But she's in some of my favorite movies. A hell of an actor. I saw her tweet in an article, so I looked at her Twitter feed and saw that she's been shoveling poo against the tide when it comes to this issue. Men aren't listening or taking her seriously. I can guarantee you that nothing will change. There are several reasons for this. For one thing, the type of men who do this are the type of men who do it. You're asking a water buffalo to stop charging you and impaling you on its horns when you wander into its territory. It takes a certain type of man to garner vast power, fame, influence, and money. GENERALLY speaking, they are more prone to doing what they want. Let's see if I can put this next thought in way that can't be misunderstood: The issue--as vitally important as it is--has already lost much of its meaning. ""Me too"" is rapidly becoming background noise. I saw this happen before. In the 1980s, the issue of molestation became ubiquitous. Massive numbers of famous people came forward as victims. Did anything change? Every single day on Twitter, I read frantic tweets about government pedophilia rings. I read PARODY tweets about it. Thirty years later, the issue is now a punchline. What happened in the 1980s will happen today: The men will hunker down, wait out the storm, and resume business as usual when the coast is clear. IN ALL FIELDS. I don't BLAME women for coming forward. I blame the celebration of women's bravery. The cover of TIME magazine! But what happens NEXT? What happens next is that we all move on to the trending topic. And ALL those women will be left behind. What's the answer? The answer isn't women coming forward. The answer is for THOSE WITH POWER to wreck the lives of the people doing this stuff. You have to infiltrate the systems and change them from within. NO AMOUNT of outside pressure will change anything. Here's what's funny: People will accuse me of ""mansplaining."" I'm 55 years old. That's easily the stupidest word I've ever run across. It prevents men and women from just TALKING. I'm optimistic that all these fields will change--but only after people with different values replace the people currently in charge. Dramatic change for the better can come out of the blue. You need a ""preference cascade."" When I was a young man thirty years ago, things were both better AND worse for women. What was BETTER was our ability to communicate. What was WORSE was men casually putting their hands on women or forcing them to do things against their will. When I was in college, there were actual RAPISTS roaming free. Nothing was done. Today, WORDS are considered rape. Well, a question: Which would you rather have me do, call you a moron or take you out into the desert and rape you? The behavior I witnessed at Lewis and Clark College, Portland, Oregon, from 1981 to 1985, would land people in jail today. Justifiably. What happened was that old cops and prosecutors were replaced by younger cops and prosecutors with different values. Nothing will change in politics, entertainment, the restaurant business, and every other field of endeavor until the people with power are replaced. Those who hold the KEY are today's young mothers. THEY are the ones who will make a difference..."
" NOW--after celebrating the fire at Trump Tower--leftists are blaming Trump for the lack of sprinklers above the 40th floor. Let's talk about that. Trump Tower was completed in 1983. Therefore the lack of sprinklers was grandfathered in. Retrofitting the building with sprinklers would've required that the RESIDENTS foot the bill. It would've been massively expensive. Sprinklers can also destroy everything you own. Nobody ever talks about that. I collect paper ephemera. My new house in Las Vegas has no sprinkler system, and I'm not getting one. If I had a sprinkler system, it would destroy my collection. But if there's a fire, I have at least a chance of saving my collection. How important is my collection to me? Well, it has the only known images of multiple flame-warfare weapons and equipment. In the US Army, for example, the Chemical Warfare Service DESTROYED photographic evidence of flamethrowers. I have the only known photos of American engineers at a gas school, wearing flameproof suits and using what is likely an American flamethrower, model unidentified. Because records were destroyed, the official accounts are inaccurate. My collection disproves multiple official accounts of multiple countries. So we're not going to put in a sprinkler system. Trump haters just need to admit that they're insane and are going to hate him no matter what. They need to admit that their hate is pathological. Hey! I have an idea! Trump haters should go to a counselor. Here's one. He's a very professional, ethical counselor. Simply INCANDESCENT with rationality and stability. Now, while Trump haters are getting much-needed counseling, the rest of us have to vote out every Democrat in the country. For the next fifty years. It's time to make people PAY for polluting the country. If you don't make them PAY, they won't stop. And we need this to stop..."
" A story about a stalker. It's in my book. This was YEARS ago, when a BIG name today was a small name. I used to stay up all night, commenting on this now-big-name's site. Every night ended with me and another person talking. I'd sign off with poems or links to songs. In June of 2009, I signed off with part of an Edmund Blunden poem: I hear you now, I hear you, shy perpetual companion, Whose deep whispers Never wholly fail upon my twilight; but for months now Too dimly quivered About the crowded corridors of purpose and the clamouring Swarmed ingresses where like squinting cobblers and worse creatures On a weary ship that moors in dock, with grimy hatches, Cross-purpose jangles. This was a VERY funny, arch, intelligent person. I completely misread the situation, proving once again that you can NEVER trust anyone on social media. We figured out how to go WAY back into the archives of the Website, where we could talk without anyone seeing. This was eight years ago, remember. The Stone Age for social media. Eventually I gave this person my real name. GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? NOW this person wanted to talk dirty. Previously, the person had said, ""I need to tell you something, but I'm afraid."" ""You were institutionalized,"" I said. ""Oh my God! How did you know?"" ""It doesn't matter to me,"" I said. ""As long as you feel better."" Well, my refusal to talk dirty turned my ""friend"" into a deadly enemy. Without warning, she began doxxing me. EVERYWHERE. I asked the now-big Website owner to help me. No dice. This was MY problem. The stalker had hundreds of user names. I spent months tracking them all down, and FINALLY I got an e-mail address. With the e-mail address, I was able to identify the woman, find photos of her, find a You-Tube video of her, and find out where she worked. So I sent her a message: Knock it off, or I contact your parents. She was only 23, and her father is well known. She sent a blubbering, hysterical message to the Website owner. He forwarded it to me. But she stopped. She had a very unusual name. When I searched her, I found her and one other woman with that name, but the other woman was 65 years old. Nine years later, there are no people in the United States with that name. The elderly woman died, and my stalker disappeared. She harassed me for TWO YEARS. I actually stopped posting online, because she could identify me by my choice of words. She doxxed me wherever I went. I'll always remember two things: One, I got no help at all. And two, my brother offered to go where she lived and cave in her head with a baseball bat. If she's still alive, she has no idea how lucky she is. My brother wasn't kidding..."
" While idiots fret over Trump's tweets, another of my predictions comes true. ""Wang Hongguang, former deputy commander of the Nanjing Military Region, an important military region, warned that a war could begin as soon as March, when South Korea and the United States are slated to hold annual military drills."" ""'It is a highly dangerous period,' Wang said during the conference. 'Northeast China should mobilize defenses for war.'"" He doesn't mean war against US. "
" A lot of people are talking about the TV shows that scared them the most as kids. This scares me as an adult. The Twilight Zone, Season 1, Episode 11. ""And When the Sky Was Opened."" Three astronauts return to earth after a mission. One is in the hospital, and two are out running around. Rod Taylor is one of my favorite actors. He's a suave, intelligent thug, a brilliant, emotional primitive. Totally unique. What happens in the episode is that one astronaut discovers that he never existed. When he calls his parents, they don't know who he is. He disappears in a bar, and Taylor asks the bartender where his friend went. ""What friend?"" the bartender says. ""You came in alone."" None of Taylor's friends know who the vanished astronaut was. And the astronaut in the hospital says, ""It was just us two."" The newspaper stories now say that there were only two astronauts. Then people start to not know who Taylor is... See, I had an experience that I still can't explain. It makes me wonder if at any moment, I'll wink out of existence. After my high-school prom, we went to a party. The house was on a cul-de-sac. It was a terrible night. I worked up the courage to tell my date that I loved her, and she turned me down. So I went out for a walk in the woods behind the house. I ran into my friend Mouse and asked if he had a cigarette. He gave me half a pack, which I put in my jacket pocket. Eventually my date's parents came for us, and we went home. We graduated, she went on to her life, and I stayed in Stavanger to work, loading supply boats for offshore drilling platforms. Stavanger = Norway. One day I was being driven to a guy's house to buy hashish. As we went down the street, the driver said, ""There's Pauline's place."" ""I can't stand her,"" he said. ""When did they move?"" I asked. ""What are you talking about?"" he said. ""When did they move out of the cul-de-sac?"" He looked over at me. ""They never lived in a cul-de-sac. They've been in this house for six years."" ""No they haven't,"" I said. ""I went to the party after my prom. It was at Pauline's house."" ""I know. I was there,"" he said. ""You and I hadn't met yet. The party was in that house we just passed."" The house was in the middle of the street, not in a cul-de-sac. It also bore no resemblance to the house of the prom-night party. I talked to everyone I could. They all said that the house was not in a cul-de-sac. My friend Mouse had moved back to Canada, but he came and visited. ""Do you remember the prom-night party?"" I asked. ""Sure. What about it?"" ""Was the house in a cul-de-sac?"" ""No. Don't you remember? We met in the woods, and I gave you cigarettes."" So I appear to be the only person on earth who attended a prom-night party in a house on a cul-de-sac. Everyone else was at a different house. I have no explanation. The Twilight Zone episode was about reality CORRECTING itself. I wonder: Will I blow out like a candle flame at any moment? "
" A question on North Korea. The tunnel collapse happened on October 10. The governing Workers Party of Korea was founded on October 10, 1945. The North Koreans showed every sign of preparing to do something dramatic on October 10, 2017. But they didn't. Now it turns out that a tunnel collapsed at the North Korean nuclear site on October 10, 2017, killing 200 personnel. The fears of radioactive leakage are overblown. ""But the degradation of the mountain does not necessarily mean that it would be abandoned as a test site..."" ""Just as the United States did not abandon the Nevada test site after earthquakes there."" In North Korea, a TUNNEL collapsed, sealing in the contents and the personnel. My guess is that the Norks just lost everyone involved in their entire nuclear-weapons program. Tunnel collapse? Sounds familiar... OH YEAH! Here we go. Since January of 2016, thirty Hamas attack tunnels have collapsed, and the Nokhba tunnels fighters have been wiped out. In 2014, the Israelis discovered and destroyed 32 Hamas attack tunnels that went into Israel. Now, the Hamas attack tunnels are destroyed IN GAZA. Nobody can figure out how it's being done. My guess is that the Norks were preparing for a big show on October 10, 2017, and somebody collapsed their tunnel on them. President Trump allows the Pentagon to carry out operations that change geopolitics. A case in point. A GBU-43/B MOAB (Massive Ordnance Air Blast) was dropped. General John W. Nicholson Jr did so on his own initiative. The British press sneered, because British journalists are supercilious idiots. The British bought the cover story, that tunnels were targets. Here's the REAL story. The Pakistani Inter Services Intelligence (ISI) has created more terrorist groups than any other government agency in the world. Pakistan is held hostage by the ISI. General Nicholson had secretly ordered a MOAB and kept it in a hanger. My guess is the Pakistani government notified us when the ISI would be in Afghanistan, and we dropped a MOAB on their heads. Donald Trump in 2012. Donald Trump in 2013. Donald Trump as president, post-MOAB. Who must do the hard things? He who can. Nothing is too hard for Donald Trump and the many allies helping us. Secretary of Defense Mattis WARNED the North Koreans. Our allies are good at destroying tunnels. Ask Hamas. And ask the Islamic State... "
" Hysteria: an observation by the author of ""Fight Club."" Today I saw Jeff Sessions being called a traitor, and Mike Pence being called a coward. This hearkens back to the good old days of McMaster hysteria. HE'S A MUSLIM! HE'S A PUPPET OF THE JEWS! I have a question for the ""patriots"": Why aren't you talking about McMaster anymore? McMaster is STILL THERE. Do you no longer CARE that he ""derailed Trump's agenda""? Or are you just sacks of manure who fan the flames of hysteria? As I always tell you, I have no contacts in Washington. Everything I say comes from open sources. ANYBODY who tells you that THEY know what's happening is a liar. Think of the HUBRIS it takes to call the Attorney General a traitor. Based on WHAT? The hysteria-mongering sacks of manure have a child's view of how things work. In the REAL world, things come out nowhere. How do people with REAL power and REAL responsibilities make sure that their plans are not perceived ahead of time? We go back to this: MILDEC. All you dumbasses were tricked into hysteria over NOTHING. Let me explain something: The people running the government are not BLOGGERS. BLOGGERS and MICRO JOURNALISTS are free to be braying jackasses because YOU DON'T MATTER. Why have you moved on from the Las Vegas mass shooting? Do you not care anymore? Or were you just done doing this? Jackasses and sacks of manure will BE jackasses and sacks of manure. That's what they are. But EVERYBODY ELSE needs to understand that these jackasses and sacks of manure are not telling you anything worthwhile. Trump is HIMSELF involved in MILDEC on a scale never before seen. If he has problems with Sessions, he'll fire him. We go back to the McMaster insanity. McMaster is derailing Trump's agenda! How? McMaster has ZERO statutory power. He can't DO anything. The jackasses and sacks of manure told you that John Kelly was drugging Trump and holding him prisoner. Why have they stopped talking about THAT? Do they not care anymore? There's a disconnect between accusations and the reaction to them. ""Kelly is drugging Trump and holding him prisoner, but now I have to go order a cheeseburger and watch TV."" The jackasses and sacks of manure are NOT Trump supporters. They don't believe a word that they themselves are excreting. We need a return to rationality. A few seconds of THOUGHT disproves ALL the accusations. The president is in control. Anyone who tells you otherwise is lying..."
" Okay. You asked for it. Don't blame me. You're talking about something ELSE. Your dick blinds you. I'M talking about close protection. YOU'RE talking about fighting. If someone rushes Trump, his bodyguard can disable that person in multiple ways. The US Secret Service has rules of engagement. They FAIL. The guy who rushed the stage later said that he deliberately opened his hands so that the US Secret Service wouldn't shoot him. He claimed that he was trying to get to the microphone. BULL. That was a dry run. He watched for a signal. It was a three or four-man team. They waited until nearly the end of the speech. Then one man caused a disturbance and was led out. The security relaxed. ""Glad THAT'S over!"" Someone then signaled this guy, and he jumped over the rail and charged the stage. He got past all the guards, due to the US Secret Service rules of engagement. Trump's private security HAS no rules of engagement. The woman APPEARS to have been trained in Saudi Arabia. Here's how Saudi beat cops deal with terrorists armed with rifles and explosive vests. The cops had pistols. They stood their ground. The training took over. Trump's bodyguard is a PROFESSIONAL. None of what you say MATTERS. Bodyguards aren't MMA fighters. Don't you know that? Trump and his bodyguard live in the real world. They aren't shackled by fantasy. She can kill you instantly. Even though she's ""just"" a woman, her job is to kill you. And she will. So no more clownish comments from men. Thank you."
" brings up a point. Just stop and ask yourself a question: Why is all of this being exposed? Is it all accidental? No. Are smart people coming in to save Trump the Toddler? No, Are the Russians giving us information? No. BEFORE Trump took office, he had a plan to stop leaks, to expose corruption, and to replace the (vomit) ""deep state,"" a term that ERDOGAN invented. What's happening is that the Director of the NSA Admiral Mike Rogers is giving raw signals intelligence (SIGINT) to a team that General Michael Flynn put in place. Nobody can hide from the NSA. Nobody. The American Intelligence Community is constrained by laws that prevent them from accessing raw SIGINT. They simply can't get it. Period. Mike Rogers is allowed by law to provide raw SIGINT to those who can demonstrate to him that they NEED it. This need must stand up in court. Leaks are illegal, and corruption is illegal. Therefore Rogers can provide raw SIGINT to Flynn's team. I guess people just don't understand: IT'S OVER. That's why Flynn came in from the cold. Flynn's team will remain in place for as long as Trump is president. The only way the Intelligence Community can communicate securely is by bicycle courier. And if they try THAT, they GET ARRESTED. I know that people need soap opera and fear, but TRUMP WON. Flynn created a foolproof plan that nobody anticipated. So you can KEEP ON BEING NERVOUS, or you can turn your attention to other things, the way I have. Trump WON. It's over. Think of your fear as...a strainer. "
" EUROPE! I study the first of the two world wars that EUROPEANS caused. World War One was a catastrophe because the Europeans clung to cherished fantasies in the face of all evidence that their ideas were failures. The Europeans used modern weapons pretty much the same as the weapons we use today. BUT. They used TACTICS from the Napoleonic era. When the war started, the French wore bright-red pants and caps. ""THE RED TROUSERS ARE FRANCE!"" generals shouted when someone suggested that maybe these uniforms were a tad conspicuous. The French said that courage would overcome modern weaponry. So they carried out bayonet charges against machine guns. It was a bloodbath. The weapons were so deadly that all sides had to dig down into the earth. They created a trench system that ran from Switzerland to the North Sea. And there they sat for four years. There were literally a handful of generals who grasped what modern weaponry meant. One was the German Alexander von Kluck. Although 68 years old at the start of the war, he immediately understood that he couldn't fight the way he had earlier in his career. Von Kluck carried a rifle and dressed in the uniform of a private. This allowed him to blend in. Virtually all other officers wore gaudy uniforms for the first two years of the war. They were picked off like flies. Von Kluck was so severely wounded in 1915 that he had to retire. Thus Europeans lost one of the men who may have prevented the outrageous futility of the the next three years. One of the most infamous exchanges of the war: British General: ""Dammit! Why aren't those men advancing?"" Adjutant: ""Because they're all dead, sir."" I bring up World War One because I'm seeing mass European insanity again. They INSIST that traumatizing two young parents forever was the humane thing to do. And they INSIST that Iran's dishonesty proves the need to engage with them. Let me tell you: The Iranians could build nuclear weapons in London or Paris or Berlin, out in the open, and the Europeans would find a way to rationalize it. World War One is very useful study because it's pure folly that went on for four years. And then when it was over, the Europeans ENSURED a repeat. EVERYBODY KNEW IT AT THE TIME. Look at this cartoon by Will Dyson, published May 13, 1919. The Versailles Treaty wasn't concluded until June 28, 1919. Everybody knew a month beforehand that it would cause war in 1940. The Class of 1940 was the cannon fodder that the Versailles Treaty created. BUT THEY SIGNED THE TREATY ANYWAY. This is what Europeans do. They arbitrarily decide something and then stick with it, no matter what, even when they KNOW it's a failure. We're seeing more flexibility of thought from Kim Jong-un. I think total destruction is simply in the DNA of Europeans. Who else fought ""The Hundred Years' War""? Come hell or high water, Europeans are going to destroy everything they can. We took away their armies after the SECOND world war that they caused, but by God, they figured out ways to KEEP DESTROYING EVERYTHING. Do you know why flamethrowers are so effective? They scare the hell out of everybody. Just fire a jet of flame into the air, and the enemy surrenders without a fight. Do you know what the most inhumane weapon ever invented is? Artillery. It tears you to shreds without killing you. So OF COURSE the Europeans put all their energy into artillery. Because of artillery, cosmetic surgery got a huge boost. Men came home with no faces. Doctors had to figure out how to rebuild them. And companies made fortunes selling fake faces. Both these French soldiers are wearing prosthetic faces. EUROPEANS! Total destruction is their deity. Obama worships Europe. The most universally destructive president in American history. So ONCE AGAIN, look in the mirror. Gaze upon your salvation. You chose , a man who is as non-European as you can get. A guy from Queens! And a builder who HATES destruction... ADDENDUM: There are still entire parts of France that are off limits due to munitions from both world wars. If you hike there, you'll die. The French call this the ""Iron Harvest."" It's done every year. France will be cleared of munitions in two centuries... "
" Okay. I wrote this about the Turkish ""coup."" That was the Beta Test for how to destroy a country or a movement. The key is PARANOIA. If you can make everybody think EVERYBODY ELSE is a traitor, then you win. ""The Monster Are Due on Maple Street"" is an incredible illustration of how to exploit paranoia. There's ANOTHER stunning work of art that does the same. Here it is. John Carpenter remade THIS film: The original film is about a threat from the outside: communism. As the clear-thinking people try to fight it, the appeaser--the scientist--tries to thwart them. A great film. BUT. Carpenter's film is about NOT KNOWING who the enemy is. THAT is terrifying. The enemy is among us, but we can't identify him. THIS is how the Saudis take down their enemies. They make their enemies turn against each other. See? ""Internal disputes among the Houthi militia have escalated recently amid an atmosphere of intimidation, suppression and accusations of treason."" All you need is double agents and the ability to send bogus messages through the enemy's ""secure"" communications systems. There's no defense against the Monsters. If you're paranoid, you're doomed. This is how people turn YOU against each other. ""Sessions is a TRAITOR!"" You're just like the Turks and Houthis. When you're not paranoid, the Monsters can't lead you around by the nose. But when you are tribal, primitive, afraid, angry, and uninformed, you're RIPE for exploitation. At the right time, Trump will turn the Democrats against each other. Just watch. The Monsters are due at the DNC..."
" Have you ever seen high-speed film? The nanodrones use super high-speed cameras, so the result is slow motion. You can see everything. They APPEAR to have very large lenses, so I'm guessing wide angle. They zip part or through a room, and then back at base, you have a slow-mo view. It's distorted, but you have computer programs that re-tort(?) the image to look like a normal interior. The bugs are surveillance AND weapons. That's why so many bad-guy commanders have been killed."
" Spooking. Has to be. Let's put everything in one place. ""Flynn has the authority to make contact with foreign officials. 'He's part of the transition team, that's really for them to speak to,' [Obama State Department spokesman Mark Toner] said. ""[Flynn] could, after all, have simply refused to speak with the agents in the first place."" ""it remains unclear why the Obama Justice Department chose to investigate Flynn. There was nothing wrong with the incoming national-security adviser’s having meetings with foreign counterparts or discussing such matters as the sanctions in those meetings."" ""Plus, if the FBI had FISA recordings of Flynn’s conversations with Kislyak, there was no need to ask Flynn what the conversations entailed."" Some more points: Flynn spoke with Kislyak FIVE TIMES on December 29, 2016, the day Obama put sanctions on Russia. As Andrew McCarthy notes, Flynn would've known that Kislyak was under FISA surveillance. Therefore Flynn would've known that his five phone conversations were recorded. And THEREFORE Flynn would've known that the FBI agents ALREADY KNEW what Flynn said. This is looking more and more like an inept Obama attempt to ensnare Flynn, but Flynn turned it inside out. If Flynn hadn't spoken to Kislyak, Flynn would not now be in a position to tell Mueller everything he knows. This all started with barium meals that allowed the entire Obama-loyal network of leakers to be rolled up. The Trump administration is airtight when it comes to intelligence leaks. The hapless George W. Bush was basically leaked to death. He gave up and started coasting. At this moment, as we sit here, the US and our allies are carrying out military operations that are defeating everyone who needs it. No leaks. It could be that the Flynn story alone allowed loyal spooks to roll up the network of leakers. Ezra Cohen-Watnick. Former DIA spook. Allegedly worked on the NSC. No known photos of him exist. The one SAID to be him is actually just a guess. All names have been removed from the Wikipedia article on the NSC. Here's the White House NSC Web page. Remember all the H. R. McMaster insanity? A Muslim. AND a puppet of the Jews. A massive number of people make complete jackasses of themselves over McMaster. They were TRICKED into it. Same thing is happening with Flynn, who never signed Trump's pledge to not become a lobbyist for five years after he stopped working for Trump. It was never intended that Flynn would be the National Security Adviser. He was General Rabbit and General Spook. And NOW I'm pretty sure he isn't done yet. It could be that his most important work is yet to come..."
" Here's why the Saudi-led Coalition in Yemen captured a few areas and then ""did nothing"" for over a year. ""The Saudi-led coalition supporting the internationally recognized Yemeni government on Wednesday said it destroyed a Houthi rocket-manufacturing workshop in Saada, as well as weapons stockpiles including surface-to-surface and ballistic missiles."" Saada is in north Yemen. It's the home base of the Houthis. This means commandos infiltrated all the way up there and gathered intelligence. ""Weapons obtained by Houthi militias from Iran were also seized, said coalition spokesman Col. Turki Al-Maliki at a press conference in Riyadh on Wednesday."" ""[The Coalition] has developed a new mechanism for inspection and verification of arms smuggling, Al-Maliki said."" He's talking about synthetic-aperture radar (SAR), which can be used to see inside ships and trucks. This means the Saudis now have land and sea-based SAR platforms. ""Coalition forces targeted 412 Houthi military positions, including those near the Saudi border, as well as a supply vehicle for militias and field commanders at the border, Al-Maliki said."" I think that means 412 positions in a week. If so, that's amazing. By the way, Colonel al-Malki is Royal Saudi Air Force. I think that means that the Yemenis are in full control of the ground offensives, just like in Iraq. The Saudi strategy is to attach commandos to the local forces AND train as many of the locals as possible. Then the newly trained locals gradually replace the foreign commandos until the local armed force is completely comprised of its own citizens again..."
" I think this will prove to be very important. It never occurred to me that Trump, Sessions, and Flynn had their eyes on the JUDICIARY too. But I think that's the case. It's starting to look as though some of the judges on the FISC--the judges who grant FISA warrants--were abusing the process for political purposes. If--and that's a BIG IF--we have a corrupt FISC judge who was exposed, that person may be singing like a canary. If there WAS abuse, the abusers never figured on someone like Michael Flynn, who had himself ARRESTED in order to expose not the little bugs on the bottom but the kingpins. Trump is not like any other president. He gave his allies total leeway, because he's fearless. ""Qui audet adipiscitur."" Who dares, wins."
" My brother says, ""If you can't diagram it, that means it's too insane to even consider."" So let's talk about an insane notion that can't be diagrammed. ""The Jewish lobby makes the US fight Israel's wars."" What's the ""Jewish lobby""? Well, there's the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC). And there's J Street. AIPAC and J Street hate each other and lobby for actions that are diametrically opposed. Thus we see that there's no ""Jewish lobby."" Now, let's looks at Israel's wars and see how many of them the US has fought. The Israeli war of independence. No. We didn't fight it. The Suez Crisis. No. The Six-Day War. No. The 1967-1970 War of Attrition. No. The Yom Kippur War. No. The two wars in Lebanon, 1978 and 1982. No. The South Lebanon Conflict of 1985 to 2000. No. The First Intifada. No. The Second Intifada. No. The 2006 Lebanon War. No. The Gaza war of 2008 to 2009. No. The Gaza war of 2012. No. The Gaza war of 2014. No. Desert Storm was a United Nations war, fought because Iraq ANNEXED Kuwait. It had nothing to do with Israel. And the Israelis strenuously opposed Operation Iraqi Freedom. ""Israeli officials warned the George W. Bush administration that an invasion of Iraq would be destabilising to the region and urged the United States to instead target Iran as the primary enemy, according to former administration official Lawrence Wilkerson."" And this is what Syria and Iran are saying about the military action of the past few days. What's the US position on Assad? ""As the US bows out, Assad appears empowered and the UN mediator weakened. On the eve of talks he issued a statement demanding no preconditions from either side."" So there is no monolithic ""Jewish lobby,"" and the US has not fought a single war for Israel. The only people who say those things are deranged Jew-haters..."
" Look who believes the Saudis. Saudi Arabia said Hezbollah must disarm. ""'If Hezbollah is limited, Lebanon will be fine. It is unacceptable for any militia to possess weapons outside of the state’s control,' Jubeir said during a joint news conference with his French counterpart, Jean-Yves Le Drian in Riyadh. So the Saudis are saying, ""Disarm, and all will be well."" Back to the first article. ""The Kuwaiti paper further reported that Hezbollah leaders have instructed a halt to arms shipments sent to the group from Iran through war-torn Syria."" So it APPEARS that Hezbollah can stay as long as it gets rid of all its weapons. Heck, I HATE Hezbollah, but if it no longer has a means to carry out terrorist attacks and hold Lebanon hostage, that's a great solution. Guess who thinks the Saudis will win? Well, Breitbart, what if the Lebanese army has secretly BROKEN AWAY from Hezbollah, due to the influx of thousands of Arab strategic special forces outfitted in Lebanese uniforms? The Iraqis broke away from Iran, due to the presence of thousands of Sunni Arab and allied commandos. Those commandos held the line while the Iraqis were trained all over the Middle East. Then the Iraqis came back and replaced the men who had been protecting the country from Iranian interference. These are Iraqis. They don't look or move ANYTHING like other Iraqi troops Ive seen over the years. I study unconventional forces. The best-trained ones have an amazing economy of movement. The move mostly their eyes and then their heads. They watch quietly, because they're ALWAYS calculating. The only time they relax is when they're among their own kind. So my theory is that the strategic infiltration into Lebanon already happened. I forgot my own rule: When the Saudis say they WILL do something, that means they've already done it. Trump would NEVER give advanced weapons to the Lebanese army unless he were sure that Hezbollah could never get control of them. Hezbollah hold Lebanon hostage by threatening the families of politicians and the armed forces. So what if there's a wall of NON-LEBANESE in Lebanese uniforms, protecting the army? That's what happened in Iraq. Now the Iraqis have exceptional armed forces. It's not possible to predict what the Saudis will do. I figure out things only AFTER the fact..."
" shows you how leftist women try to shut men up. First I wrote this. Tarnopolsky said that SOMEONE believed that Israel would never be drawn into the Syrian war. Everyone? Most people? She didn't explain, because she made it up. Nobody ever said that. So she wrote this to me. Her butt thanks me for the compliment. So she took what I said in stride. No biggie. OR SO I THOUGHT. Thinking that I was speaking to a rational adult, I said this. Dadaism. That's what I do. WELL GUESS WHAT? I'm a BAD BAD man! So SHE gets to say that her butt thanks me for the compliment, but I'M a ""sexist lowlife."" No, sweetheart. Her two-watt brain ran out of comebacks, so she used the sexism card. Typical. ""I am woman, hear me roar, but I'm just a girl! Waaaaaaaa! you're being mean!"" I treat everyone the same. ONLY LEFTIST WOMEN can't hack it. Excellent job, Tarny. All women are giving you a standing ovation at this moment..."
" I just had a depressing realization: People are so obsessed with fame that now they embellish even REAL atrocities. This woman is lying. The shooter was actually wearing these clothes. The police report says that he wore a tactical vest. This the tactical vest Cruz wore (upper left). It just hit me that Twitter users come from the general population. Twitter users claim to believe utterly demented garbage. They make these claims to get attention. So why wouldn't survivors of mass shooting lie in order to get more attention? Remember the woman in Las Vegas? ""You're all going to die tonight!"" I'm now sure that she lied. So now we have survivors of mass shootings becoming political activists within seconds, while others lie. And ALL of them are doing it so that they can get on TV..."
" Why did I block this guy? Because he's either a Russian or a moron. Or a lunatic. You know what the Russians did? They told us that Assad was going to gas his own people and then claim it was a ""false flag."" The Russians, Assad, and the mullahs used real-life humans as props in an act of geopolitical theater. Assad gassed his own people because he believed the press. He thought that there would be no consequences. By gassing his own people, Assad set off several days of foam-spewing by Trump's American enemies--the press, the Democrats, and the Never Trump Republicans. ""Why did he gas them if he was winning?"" Who told you he was winning? Assad did. In reality, Assad always surrounds cities and then bombs them or gases them, and then he buses out the terrorists. Assad's side hasn't won an actual battle in years. Assad agreed to give up his chemical weapons, but he never gave them up. In his entire adult life, he's never faced consequences. Never. So the Russians told us on March 13 that Assad was going to gas his own people and claim it was a ""false flag."" But people are idiots. They don't understand how anything works. Trump didn't hear about the gassing and then say, ""I bet Assad did it! Yup! That's what I think!"" The reality is that Syria is full of Arab commandos who monitor everything that happens. And guess what else? We get information from agents in Putin's government, Assad's government, and the mullahs' government. People have become children. Their brains no longer work. So when people present me with deranged conspiracy theories, I block them. I don't want anything to do with people who can't think as clearly as I can. The new hysteria is that somehow John Bolton caused the gassing. Does Bolton have his own air force? I'm sick of people with the minds of eleven-year-olds. Take it somewhere else. I don't want to hear it. My blocking finger is on a hair trigger. Try me..."
" See? As I told you, Flynn is the best spook who ever spooked. This is the story: A ""whistle blower"" told DEMOCRATS in June of 2017 that Trump and the Russians would build nuclear reactors in the Middle East. Slight problem! The ACU Project--as it's known--has THIS as its core principle: ""The core nonproliferation mission of the ACU project is to give Congress and the Administration control over the numerous emerging independent nuclear power programs in the Middle East – blocking Russia or China from using nuclear power to dominate the region."" D'OH! The Democrats got effed again. And it was as easy as pie. They never fact check anything. Many AMERICANS don't care if the Democrats are always wrong, are sloppy, are liars, can't keep secrets, and are not dependable. But you can bet that the rest of the world watches the Clown Apocalypse and says, ""Hey! No thanks!"" The boastful, corrupt, universally incompetent DEMOCRAT Barack Obama convinced the Middle East to turn inward to solve its problems. Every time the Democrats are exposed as morons, they lose influence worldwide. That's Trump's plan. It's working, and it's good..."
" Firat Nuce, a Kurdish TV channel broadcasting about the war in Syria. Syrian Democratic Forces, allies of the US. My Webiste relied heavily on videos from the Kurdish channel Anha. Anha's account was terminated, and all the videos from 2014-2016 are gone. I can still find jihadist videos all over YouTube. Priorities..."
" I'd like to show you how Iran ""trains"" its militias. We'll look at the Iraqi Kata'ib Hezbollah. I found a video that perfectly illustrates the care and thoroughness of Iranian training. I zoomed in and slowed it down so you could what's happening. First, the video. There's no sound. So, we need to understand the weapons before I can show you what happened. That's the American M198 howitzer, a towed field piece in a caliber of 155mm. The inside of the barrel has grooves called ""rifling."" This makes the projectile spin, which in turn makes it more accurate. The ammunition consists of a projectile and powder bags. To make the projectile spin, there's a soft copper ""rotating band"" at the base. When the powder bags explode, the projectile goes flying out of the grooved barrel of the gun. The soft copper rotating band is forced INTO the grooves, making the projectile spin. The copper band is very soft, so it's projected during shipping with a ""grommet."" So you take the projectile off the truck, remove the grommet, and use a ""fuse-setter wrench"" to put the go-bang-part in the nose of the round. Without a fuse, the projectile won't go bang. You can SET the bang with the wrench. ""Go bang after two seconds, okay?"" ""Okay!"" The M198 howitzer requires a crew of nine. Kata'ib Hezbollah uses two men per gun. With nine men, this is how fast you can fire. So Kata'ib Hezbollah can fire maybe one round every five minutes per gun. AND! The majority of the men haven't been trained in how to USE the gun. Let's go through what happened. ""I'm happy! We win!"" Then he turns around and stops dead. He's stunned at what he sees. ""Achmed, WHAT THE @#$% have you DONE?"" ""Well, I fixed everything. All the bang-stuff. I fixed them."" ""Great. Give me the wrench, and go have a sandwich. Get out of here."" ""Fat bastard. Why's he pissed at me? What did I do?"" I'll tell you want he did. He put the SHIPPING GROMMETS BACK on the projectiles. So Fat Bastard is using the wrench to knock them off. A good way to ruin copper rotating bands is to bang on them with a steel fuse-setter wrench. AND they have about 13 men doing the job of 100. Stay in Iraq, Kata'ib Hezbollah. Don't go to Lebanon. You won't come back..."
" What's missing in every single report about Israel versus Hezbollah? ""Israel has threatened to invade Lebanon amid a recent spat over natural resources and militant groups that, once again, raised tensions between the longtime foes."" ""In the latest crisis, Israel has warned foreign companies not to invest in Lebanese plans to explore the Block 9 offshore oil reserve located on the maritime border between Israel and Lebanon."" ""Lieberman warned this was a grave mistake' and 'contrary to all the rules' because Block 9 belonged totally to Israel, Bloomberg News reported, citing an Israeli Defense Ministry statement."" Lebanon's position is that since Israel doesn't exist, Lebanon is free to drill for oil and gas in Israel's territorial waters. Here's the key to what's going to happen: ""Lebanon was still reeling from a dispute between supporters of Aoun, who represented the mostly Maronite Christian Free Patriotic Movement, and Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri, leader of the Shiite Muslim Amal Movement."" ""Both former civil war foes were members of the pro-Hezbollah March 8 Alliance, but a new dispute emerged when Aoun promoted dozens of army officers without the approval of one of Berri’s aides."" So what's missing in every single article about the problems between Israel and Hezbollah? The Gulf Cooperation Council. It's as if the GCC doesn't exist. THAT'S what gives the GCC the freedom to act. I spent the morning reading pieces about Israel and Hezbollah. There's nothing about any other Arab country. Iraqi militia are pledging to join in a war against Israel. That's like your fat, 60-year-old neighbor Jim saying he'll join the in the fight in an invasion. This is Iraqi Shia folk hero Abu Azrael in action. He's just wasting ammunition. And popping up in the same place repeatedly is how you get killed by snipers. We're not going to have another hugely destructive war in the Middle East. Hezbollah has to be hit very hard to prevent them from firing their 150,000 rockets. It'll be a combination of electronic warfare and mass infiltration of strategic commandos. And nobody is ready for that, because they refuse to accept that the GCC has troops from 50 years into the future. Iranian video: ""Lessons from the uprising: The Transition to the Universal Insurrection and its Experiences."" This is regime change in Iran. There's no doubt whatsoever. It's exactly what I told you: The protests were reconnaissance, and now they're transitioning to ""universal insurrection."" The GCC began full-scale military operations in October of 2015. Currently they're fighting five wars simultaneously. ALL are being fought clandestinely, except for the air campaign in Yemen. The Yemeni army--with the help of the GCC--is carrying out SEVENTEEN simultaneous ground offensives. Yemeni Brigadier General Tareq Mohammed Adbullah Saleh was rescued IN THE MIDDLE of giant ambush. His rescuers fought their way through checkpoints for three days, killing everyone in front of them. This is a ""Syrian civilian"" at a reopened spa. The owner said that the trip to his spa is dangerous. Hassan Hassan not only LOOKS totally non-Arab, he's standing ""at ease,"" and everyone around him is laughing. He's their guardian angel. An angel of death. Everything that came before October of 2015 is part of a dead era. The Golden Age of the GCC is just beginning. They have a great ally in Donald Trump. I'm aware that there's a group of mental patients who gather here on Twitter to talk about my ideas and how insane they are. That's fine. How many of them know about the rescue of Brigadier General Saleh? How many of them know that this man is an Arab commando? Let me give you my theory on what the GCC is doing: The GCC has hundreds of thousands of expatriates from all over the world. Their children speak fluent Arabic. My guess is the GCC has recruited these fluent speakers of Arabic in to the special-forces units. That means the GCC can produce commandos who can pass for ANYBODY. If Hassan Hassan can speak English with a London accent, you wouldn't look twice at him--except maybe to note how hot he is. Hezbollah and Iran are being whittled away. We may not see any more major wars in the Middle East. If so, thank the GCC. It was all THEIR doing..."
" I was a music journalist for ten years. And another. Let me give all you ""professional"" and ""citizen"" journalists a little tip: Trump is going to USE you mercilessly, because you ALL HAVE AGENDAS. That's why you fell for this. The real story? When I was a journalist, you know what MY agenda was? The TRUTH. Every single musician I interviewed told me that he or she HATED journalists. Why? Because journalists all had agendas and wrote the story BEFORE interviewing the musician. Every musician had been burned. So what I did was offer to let the musician see the piece before I turned it in. In ten years, only John Taylor of Duran Duran requested no changes. And only Gene Simmons of Kiss turned down the opportunity to review the piece. I wasn't even a Kiss fan, but mine was the first in-depth interview with Simmons about his music. The interview was the most-read piece in the magazine's history. The interview was my idea. Mercury Records didn't think the magazine would be interested. When I contacted Mercury, Simmons wanted to do a phoner. He assumed that I'd write a hit piece, so he wanted to limit the damage. I insisted on a face-to-face interview. Simmons RIGHTLY thought that I was going to trash him, so he resisted until I threatened to move on. I was given an hour at the recording studio where Kiss was finishing an album. Simmons was neutral, and he initially went into a sort of neutral historical review of Kiss. Well, I wanted to make him shine. Because it would be fun. So I decided to ask him ""combative"" questions. BUT. I got out of the chair at sat on the floor at his feet, like an acolyte. He looked away, trying not to laugh. HE GOT IT! It was the easiest interview I ever did. We yelled at each other for two hours. It was performance art. He said twice, in a throwaway manner, that he he HAD to be on the cover. By that time, he understood me, and he knew that I knew that a cover story would outrage and blow away everybody in the music industry. So after the interview, I called my boss and explained that Simmons had just given the interview of his career, and he was concerned about whether or not he would get the cover. Without having seen the interview, my boos said, ""Tell him that if the piece is as good as you say, he'll get the cover."" So I left Simmons a note, saying, ""Congratulations. You got the cover."" I spoke to him once more by phone, and when we were done, he said that it the most fun he'd ever had in an interview, and that he hoped I went on to find great happiness and success. See what happens when you don't think only about YOURSELF, when you don't ABUSE people, and when you put the welfare of the READERS ahead of yours? As it turns out, I wasn't successful in the industry, because journalism was already dead by then. But I got a hell of an interview. Nobody else has equaled it. It's because my goal was to make great art with Simmons. We had a partnership. THAT is what journalism should be..."
" Observe how I disembowel . This is what I said. Hitting back against the lies is working. People are now saying, ""This isn't the time to lay blame!"" SOMEHOW, interprets fighting lies as saying that people deserve to die, and I want to kill more. There's literally no pretzel logic that can transform fighting lies into wanting to kill people. As my brother Tim says, you can't diagram these peoples' thought processes. This is the inside of 's skull. What we're seeing is the total breakdown of all rationality on the part of leftists. The ideology is becoming a pathology. Today I was talking with my brother about our best presidents. Trump, Lincoln, Truman, and Eisenhower. Truman was a Democrat. But he wasn't pathological. As Elizabeth Warren recently said, the Democrats must become Stalinist. She didn't use the WORD, but she meant it. And she's being praised as the person who will save the party. I think it's great. You GO, girl! We're going to see the electoral extermination of the Democrats. Today the battered crone Soldedad O'Brien tweeted me about how much she hates Trump. Wouldn't she scare the hell out of you if she approached you in, say, an empty parking structure? That's one of the most sinister photos I've ever seen. She's looks demonic. LEFTISTS want people to die. Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz proves it. Another demonic face. This nightmarish dildo-head tweeted me, wanting to fight. Can a person have a more repulsive expression? This one sent me an all-capitals screech about her hate for Trump. Another face to make you run in terror. What I like about Trump supporters is our VAST differences. Trump unites us. In most other ways, we're like oil and water. And THAT shows how much we want to improve. A lot of us don't even like each other! But as someone said earlier, it's all hands on deck. The president appreciates it. Believe me. Your support and willingness to defend him means the world to him and our first lady. So keep it up! We're winning. ADDENDUM: Ha. "
" Iran. The mullahs are using non-Iranians in Tehran. They're consistently being stopped in their tracks. This man was killed by the security forces on January 18, 2018. He held off the security forces in a ten-hour gun battle. After his death, the government said he was drug smuggler who had committed suicide. But now we see that he was actually a member on an armed group, and that he knew they were coming for him. Rasouli is the man speaking. He said it's time to fight and to die rather than to submit anymore. The video is very important because of the camouflage trousers, the rifle, and the extra magazine. These are all symbols the the mullahs' people use. So we've reached the insurrection part of the uprising. Things could go slowly, or they could happen very quickly. At any rate, the mullahs will be forced out. The IS a plan... "
" Let's play a game and see if we can figure out where everyone is supposed to be looking. These things all happened in the last 24 hours. One: Two: Three: So where are we supposed to be looking? Washington and southern Lebanon. Where are real things NOT happening? Washington and southern Lebanon. I knew that Hezbollah is screwed, but I didn't have the proof. Well, Hassan Nasrallah gave it to me. ""Nasrallah even claimed that his group's arsenal of weapons was a force of ""security and stability"" in Lebanon in the face of these threats. He also said his group 'transferred arms, including Kornet missiles, to Gaza,' referring to a Russian-made anti-tank missile."" Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad are Sunni. Hezbollah is Shia. Nasrallah just made the case for the neutralization of Hezbollah. They aren't in this for religious reasons. Also, by smuggling arms into Gaza, Hezbollah has exposed itself in a way that Nasrallah can't seem to grasp: Hamas has been totally penetrated. Its every move is now known. The same for Palestinian Islamic Jihad. Hezbollah actually has no idea WHO accepted their weapons. The guy in the upper left-hand corner? Mustafa Badreddine, Hezbollah Commander-in-Chief of operations. He was killed in Damascus on May 13, 2016, by a munition that created a shock wave. Hezbollah said Sunni terrorists killed him with artillery. In Damascus. I've been telling you for two years that the Gulf Cooperation Council created a new form of warfare that relies mainly on military deception (MILDEC). The GCC makes it impossible for anyone to know what's actually happening. THIS is how screwed Hezbollah is: Israeli intelligence and the Arab press says that HEZBOLLAH killed Mustafa Baddredine. Hassan Nasrallah ordered it. Why? Because Baddredine disagreed with Iran, so Qassem Suleimani ordered Baddredine killed. Qassem Suleiman was HIMSELF killed in November of 2015. The Iranians are pretending that he's still alive, but he's never given a speech about Donald Trump. Remember Trump's visit to Saudi Arabia? Wouldn't that rate a mention by Iran's top terrorist? But Suleimani was silent. Suleimani is silent about EVERYTHING, actually, because he's dead. This is the last photo of him, taken in Syria in October of 2015. Hassan Nasrallah says he's withdrawn Hezbollah from Iraq, since they're no longer needed. What he means is that the IRAQI Hezbollah Battalions have either fled or disbanded. The GCC has sent up a MILDEC operation that has about a million moving parts. Hassan Nasrallah is in the middle, not knowing where to look. But little...THINGS are looking at HIM. An insect with aluminum panels on its sides? So SOMETHING is up. Just not in southern Lebanon or in Washington..."
" Chris Cillizza concedes defeat. Operation Katrina has failed. Operation Katrina was a coordinated effort to make Puerto Rico into 's Waterloo. CNN admitted as much. What the press, the Democrats, and the race hustlers didn't count on was that President Trump would GO THERE. Here's what Donald Trump understands: When people DO CERTAIN THINGS, you no longer have to worry about them. When they cross certain lines, you have free rein. FEMA and the US armed forces sent personnel and supplies to Puerto Rico on September 17, THREE DAYS before the hurricane hit. The US is guided by the National Response Framework (NRF). It says that PUERTO RICO must take the lead. Puerto Rico screwed the pooch. I think this was done deliberately. The press response was too regimented. The screech of ""RACISM!"" was too rehearsed. CNN made the lying sack of crap Russell Honoré their go-to guy for how racist Trump is. Honoré has been lying nonstop about what the US should've done. We can't o anything until we're asked. Period. End of story. Honoré always says the same thing: ""We need to go in."" The real world doesn't work that way. But Honoré is black, so he goes on TV to vomit identity politics. Here are typical headlines from today. What did Honoré actually DO during the response to Katrina? He was commander of Joint Task Force Katrina, which coordinated military relief efforts. Guess who ACTUALLY deserves ALL THE CREDIT for controlling the ENTIRE relief effort? Admiral Thad Allen, 23rd Commandant of the United States Coast Guard. Let's look up ""Thad Allen Hurricane Maria."" He's not bitching. It's because he's not an opportunistic, partisan bastard, like Honoré. This report is hilarious. ""They assumed that because the Puerto Rican government wasn't asking they didn't need to push it out to them.” Can you fathom how stupid that is? YOU CAN'T SEND THINGS THAT AREN'T REQUESTED. what if you send an entire shipload of water, and then the Puerto Ricans says, ""We HAVE water. We need FOOD."" You've wasted time and supplies. So Trump hit back at Mayor We Are Dying when she accused the US of not doing enough. NOBODY EXPECTED THAT. And today, the press is beginning to back off. All it took was 18 tweets by Trump. George W. Bush let his enemies define him. Trump's enemies used the same underhanded strategy: ""Trump is a racist! He doesn't care about people of color!"" Well, Trump fearlessly said, ""Blame that stupid mayor. She's incompetent."" Instead of sinking Trump, the response to Hurricane Maria will become a showcase. Trump's enemies very stupidly GAVE HIM EVERY REASON to publicize our response. CNN has therefore admitted defeat. They're writing about TWEETS, which means they don't dare write about the actual response. Screw you, CNN. Another laughable face plant. Trump can kick you in the nuts whenever he wants. And you'll never learn. Ha."
" A call to arms: ""Homeland of the Lur Bakhtiari, our homeland now needs you. Come and remove Zahak from our soil."" The Lur people are nomads similar to Kurds. The Bakhtiari are a subgroup of the Lurs, warriors descended from Cyrus the Great. Zahak (or Zahhak) is ""the evil one,"" a serpentine dragon similar to Satan. These overt demands for armed insurrection are unprecedented..."
" The media-driven fiction is that the US has lost control of its guns. Here's all you need to show that these people are dead wrong. ""Americans will be more likely to die from gun violence than car accidents by 2015."" Total gun deaths in 2015, including suicide: 32,000. Total deaths in traffic accidents in 2015: 38,300 . Thus we see that Bloomberg is VERY bad at predictions. Here's something even MORE important: The anti-gun people generally EXCLUDE suicides. Therefore gun HOMICIDES versus traffic accidents in 2015: 12,000 versus 38,300. You know what the number one cause of violent death in the US is? Accidental injuries. In 2014, deaths from accidental injuries was 199,752. But the press has a narrative. Note the date on this article. June 13, 2016. BUT THEY BEGIN WITH A LINK TO THE 2017 LAS VEGAS SHOOTING. And the last piece of the puzzle. ""The increase in murder rates is mostly concentrated in several big cities."" Chicago accounted for about one-fifth of the rise between 2015 and 2016. Since everyone politicizes crime, Trump set a trap: He said there was a nationwide crime wave. In their pathological need to prove Trump wrong, journalists admitted where the problems is: Large cities run by...Democrats. ""The data debunk claims from the Trump Administration that crime is out of control."" And then Inimai Chettiar talks about cities like Chicago, which is responsible for 20 PERCENT of the increase in murders. Trump will always set traps, and leftists will always fall into them. Always."
" This is interesting. The article says that the IDF simulated a large ground operation with tanks, combat engineers, motorized infantry, and artillery. ""The military faced deep criticism following the 2006 Second Lebanon War against the Hezbollah terrorist group over its failure to properly train soldiers for the types of fighting they encountered in the conflict..."" ""Having instead focused on preparing troops for West Bank counter-terrorism operations."" ""In the interim 12 years, the army sought to address that issue, building special facilities that mimic southern Lebanese terrain and investing considerably more resources in training exercises for reservists."" ""In September, the military conducted its largest exercise in decades, aimed specifically at simulating a war with Hezbollah in southern Lebanon."" See what they're doing? They're saying, ""The next war will a repeat of the 2006 war."" Not a chance. The training is as real as a heart attack. You bet. But an Israeli invasion of Lebanon would be a last-case scenario. The DANGER is Hezbollah's 150,000 rockets. A ground invasion wouldn't stop them. That means the Israelis have OTHER PLANS. Here's what's happening on Israel's border: Hezbollah is building up forces. Iran is building up forces. Hamas has moved out of Gaza and into Lebanon to build up forces. The Shi'ite Foreign Legion is building up forces. But neither Israel nor the US is worried. Are we insane? Or is there a plan that is so lethal that nobody can conceive it? My money is on the latter. Israel's Arab allies are currently fighting at least FIVE wars simultaneously. Yemen, Syria, Iraq, Libya, and South America. There's pretty good evidence that they're in Africa as well. In every single case, they use mass infiltration, unbelievable firepower, and electronic warfare. Hezbollah and all those other dopes I mentioned are up against men and women with YEARS' worth of combat experience fighting the exact war that will be fought against Hezbollah. Israel is DEFINITELY training its troops for war. But. The Yemen war is real AND the mother of all deception operations. While everyone was looking at Yemen, the GCC was fighting in four or five other places. Since Israel has said nothing about the plan to counter the Hezbollah rocket threat, that means they have something VERY secret and VERY effective. Hezbollah, Iran, and Syria are crowing right now. They believe all their own propaganda. GOOD. That's exactly what we want. ""It's always great to be underestimated."" --Donald John Trump"
" The Trump Doctrine. Rex Tillerson describes it in one sentence. ""It is not for the U.S. to impose an answer on anyone."" King Abdullah II of Jordan describes the second leg of the Trump Doctrine. ""The heavy lifting has to be done by all of us in the international community to support the United States."" What's the third leg of the Trump Doctrine, the leg that allows the doctrine to stand? Teddy Roosevelt said, ""Speak softly and carry a big stick."" The third leg of the Trump Doctrine is ""Speak loudly and conceal both your weapons and the conditions under which you use them."" We have inarguable evidence that the third leg of the Trump Doctrine is effective in bringing rogue states into line. North Korea has for DECADES shouted that it would destroy anyone who didn't obey. Donald Trump is the first US president to use North Korea's own rhetoric against it. What was the result? There's also THIS: And finally THIS: In the past, US presidents supported the status quo because they were told that changing it was too hard. What's happening NOW is that President Trump has made the Pentagon and the State Department partners rather than rivals. Here's a little secret that people don't know: Most political leaders encourage infighting. Most political leaders are in it for themselves. Infighting serves several selfish purposes. If everyone in your organization is fighting everyone else, then YOU get to be the daddy who steps in. Remember being a kid and fighting your siblings? ""I'm gonna tell!"" Also, infighting preserves the status quo. ""I tried, but muh team let me down. I'll have another mimosa. Let's go golfing!"" Every member of the Trump administration is a revolutionary. This is a one-time deal. Infighting is for puny losers. More evidence that ""Speak loudly and conceal both your weapons and the conditions under which you use them"" is effective: I read two dozen pieces about how the idiot Trump had just strengthened the IRGC. WELL, GUESS WHAT? The Iranian government--WITH THE SUPPORT OF KHAMENEI--is cutting funds to the IRGC and arresting its leaders. Trump has been in office nine months. What will the world look like in 2024? ""Pretty darn great"" is my prediction. Excellent job, . The Trump Doctrine is what the world needed..."
" All righty. Let's unpack this. ""Saudi Arabian Foreign Minister Adel bin Ahmed al-Jubeir unambiguously charged that Iran had effectively declared war."" ""We see this as an act of war,"" he said. ""Iran can not lob missiles at Saudi cities and towns and expect us not to take steps."" Al-Jubeir is a former ambassador to the US. King Salman chose him AGAINST the wishes of the Saudi establishment. He's warned Iran for YEARS. My guess is that the Saudis will do something clandestinely. But it will be BIG. This is a good time to help the Iranians overthrow the mullahs. The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps Quds Force has basically ceased to exist. Hezbollah has been hollowed out. Russia won't step in to defend Iran. Neither will Iraq. The mullahs are on their own. Everything I've talked about in terms of Saudi military capabilities is what I can see for myself. A missile that flew Mach 18. It had no warhead. A purely kinetic weapon. See the trail of light? These are things that we're allowed to see. So, what do the Saudis have that they're CONCEALING? Israeli jets can fly on voice command, and they inject malware into the computer systems of their targets. The Israelis came up with that on a military budget of $15 billion a year. What if the Gulf Cooperation Council gave Israel $5 trillion to develop weapons? The result is things we can't comprehend. We can all agree that this is hi-def video, right? Syrian Democratic Forces. See the little black box that flies in on the upper left? I've been watching these things since 2015. Their propulsion system is a mystery. So watch the black box in this hi-def video. It distorted the video. That means the propulsion system is some kind of energy force. Such as anti-gravity. Upper left corner. Again, it created a distortion in the video as it moved. Note how everything else is crystal clear. The Saudis have weapons that NOBODY can anticipate or defend against. That's just a fact. If they use them against Iran, the mullahs will be overthrown almost immediately. No war. Just an OPERATION. It could happen at any time... ADDENDUM: Enlargements. "
" Mary called me stupid. Well, her user name is ""TDS."" That means she's Mary Fusillo of The Donor Solution. Took me exactly four seconds to find her. As for ugly, well... Mary's upper arms are as big as my thighs. But my thighs don't swing as I walk. People lose control on social media. I never understood it. Mary is a registered nurse full of hate. But I'm the one who needs help..."
" The C-17 has TWO approved flight maneuvers: One, tactical approach. The aircraft goes into a vertical dive. And two, the tactical or assault landing. The aircraft stops dead as soon as it touches the ground. The back door goes down, and the gun trucks emerge firing. It's all over in seconds, sometimes... ADDENDUM: It's been a long time now, so I can talk about it: A guy from Bombardier contacted me and asked if I knew why the UAE was having six C-17s modified in the UK. The whole industry was scratching its head. UAE pilots specialize in low flight. This is the lowest pass ever recorded. It's quite real. A skilled pilot could fly the C-17 at a comparably low height..."
" A little history lesson, courtesy of a fake account. He's talking about Woodrow Wilson. I asked him to tell me in one sentence who Count Johann Heinrich von Bernstorff was. There was no answer. Von Bernstorff was the German ambassador to the US from 1908 to 1917. He was the head of the German sabotage, assassination and BIOWARFARE effort that the Germans undertook in the US before we entered the war. Von Bernstorff had a massive ring of saboteurs. As ambassador, he had diplomatic immunity, so he brought in hydrogen cyanide time bombs and cultures for glanders and ANTHRAX. German navy military attache Captain Franz von Rintelen rang the operations. In 1915, the Germans tried to ASSASSINATE Woodrow Wilson. ""Liquid fire"" is what they called the hydrogen cyanide time bombs. The Germans set up biowarfare labs in the US and infected livestock. Besides the Japanese in world War II, the Germans are the only people to ever engage in biowarfare. The worst act of sabotage was at Black Tom on July 30, 1916. The Germans also provided Mexican bandits with weapons so that they could carry out cross-border raids on the US. We were under CONSTANT ATTACK from the Germans, so Wilson finally declared war. And we STILL have insane people shrieking their conspiracy theories. Did you know that the US was one of the victims of the only TWO biowarfare campaigns ever carried out? NO! You didn't, because the press covered it up. Historians cover it up. The press and academia are leftist, so they will tell you that ALL ACTIONS of the US are unjustified. Germany hit us with ANTHRAX. Declaring war on them was unjustified? In which dimension? So I need to thank Mr. Blocked Fake Account for giving me the opportunity to talk about something that all leftists want to keep covered up. Thank you, Liberty and Freeduh! I appreciate it..."
" asks a question. It's a new world. There are several reasons for this. By its very nature, the US can't be a reliable ally. Our foreign policy depends entirely on the president. Initially I thought that the Saudis had decided to create spectacular armed forces in around 2003. However, the Saudis ACTUALLY began in 1975. This was the beginning of the Saudi plan to eventually stand on their own two feet and not rely on anybody else for protection. The Saudi Arabian National guard (SANG) was described BY THE SAUDIS as a force that existed only to protect the House of Saud. They tricked us. In 1991, Colonel Bandar O. Nahil al-Harbi published a Study Project for the US Army War College. In it, he explains the goals of the Saudis, which are WHAT THEY ARE DOING TODAY in 2018. This was a 43-year operation. The Saudis are the undisputed global masters of strategic deception. They already knew in 1975 that they would need to change everything, and they would need to get off oil. So they presented a FACADE to the world while they slowly achieved their goals. From 1975, everything led up to the reforms of King Salman and his son Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. What we're seeing now is NOT a recent development. It began in 1975. Can you imagine the discipline it took to keep the eye on the ball for 43 years? Can you imagine the CONFIDENCE and FAITH that the reformers had in their leaders? This project was handed down from king to king. And each king had a retinue of secret allies. They fooled EVERYBODY. The goal--the entire time--was freedom. The strengthening of the SANG led eventually to the reforms of 2015 and onward. Stability is necessary for MIDDLE EASTERNERS. Therefore they are the most trustworthy kind of allies: those whose lives depend on their own success. So there's no reason to be suspicious. The Middle East needs foreign investment. Obama's Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA)--the Iran deal--opened up Iran for foreign investment. Nobody came. The REASONS nobody came is that the mullahs demand massive bribes, and Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism. Investing in Iran is too risky. Until late last year, the UAE required that an Emirati own 51 percent of all onshore companies. The government is now issuing waivers on that law. What the Gulf Arabs are doing is NOT changing the laws. They're allowing EXCEPTIONS to the laws, and they're prohibiting the laws from BEING ENFORCED. This protects the citizens from a sense of massive, shocking, uncontrollable change. Remember: The Saudi plan for freedom was put in place 43 years ago. These are BRILLIANT people with superhuman patience and discipline. We have no reason to fear them..."
" tries to mislead you. He says that the War Powers Act--or War Powers Resolution--passed by Congress on November 7, 1973, makes Trump's actions unconstitutional. This is a lie. The Constitution says THIS about the president's powers. Article II, Section 2: ""The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the Militia of the several States, when called into the actual Service of the United States."" Here's the power Congress has. Article I, Section 8: ""To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water."" ALL of those require that Congress haul its collective fat, drunk, corrupt ass into the chambers and yak endlessly, in total partisanship and dishonesty. The US CONGRESS stopped declaring war after 1942. Why? Because Congress itself understood that a nation can't undertake time-sensitive missions if the collective fat, drunk, corrupt asses of the Congress are making the decisions. The War Powers Resolution of 1973 has been seen as unconstitutional BY EVERY PRESIDENT SINCE NIXON. It limits the US to purely defensive actions taken only when the US is involved. Since the War Power Resolution was passed, presided have authorized over 120 military actions without getting permission from Congress. The ONLY PRESIDENT who submitted a written report to Congress describing his decision was Gerald R. Ford, in the case of the Mayaguez Incident. On May 12, 1975, the Khmer Rough seized the American container ship SS Mayaguez. Ford ordered that a rescue mission be undertaken. Here's what CONGRESS said to Ford. THIS WAS THE CONSENSUS. Ford set the precedent that a president can authorize a single operation without having to go to Congress. AND all presidents view the War Powers Resolution as unconstitutional. EVEN THE MAYAGUEZ INCIDENT was politicized. Let's go back to Congress's constitutional powers: ""To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water."" These powers allow for NO RAPID ACTION in today's world. Democrats claim to be good global citizens. The Constitutional allows for NO RAPID ACTIONS to respond to violations of international law. And that was one reason Ford took action. The War Powers Resolution is UNTESTED LAW. You DO NOT want Congress declaring war, because that gives them INCREDIBLE power over YOU. Ted Lieu would define the entire parameters of your life. This is one of the greatest quotes of all time. Just GROW UP. The only way we can function is if the president can authorize individual strikes that serve multiple functions. Again, the War Powers Resolution is UNTESTED LAW, and the Constitution says NOTHING about who is allowed to authorize single strikes. Gerald R. Ford set the precedent. Until someone CHANGES that with BETTER, more EFFICIENT laws, then I'm fine with presidents authorizing individual strikes... ADDENDUM: points to disgraced former congressman Blake Farenthold, who had to resign because of corruption. Do you want THIS GUY making all the decisions on time-sensitive military issues? I want a RATIONAL government. Let the president authorize SINGLE STRIKES. The Constitution and the current laws say NOTHING about single military strikes. PURE STUPIDITY..."
" Just a quick point: Every single person attacking is doing so in bad faith. Try and talk to them. They instantly get hysterical. They call you names. They vomit poison. I didn't decide that Roy Moore is innocent until I RESEARCHED HIM. He's innocent, AND he and I have fundamental disagreements. BECAUSE my research showed him to be an extraordinary man--FAR stronger and more disciplined than the average--I decided to support him, regardless of our differences. We need people like Roy Moore in Washington. He's fearless, he can't be bought, and he never gives up. Roy Moore and I SHARE many values. He supports President Trump's agenda. Since Roy Moore is innocent AND exceptional, I support him. Be well, Judge. Take Washington by storm. I'm with you..."
" thinks he's being clever. said that Hamas are the heirs ofthe Nazis. For one thing, Thomson didn't lose 90 percent of his family. THAT is a lie. Thomson is actually a couple of years out of date with the accusation that calling Hamas the heirs of the Nazis is antisemitic. It didn't work in 2015, and it doesn't work now. Hamas, in fact, calls for the extermination of all the world's Jews. Article Seven of the Hamas Charter or Covenant says this: ""The Hamas has been looking forward to implement Allah's promise whatever time it might take. The prophet, prayer and peace be upon him, said:"" ""The time will not come until Muslims will fight the Jews (and kill them); until the Jews hide behind rocks and trees, which will cry: O Muslim! there is a Jew hiding behind me, come on and kill him!"" Hamas--like the Nazis--want to exterminate the Jewish people. They say so in plain language. So it's ACCURATE to say that Hamas are the heirs of the Nazis. That may offend British liars, but their views don't matter. In closing, let some Arabs tell you what they think of Hamas... Dammit! He's a genius singer-songwriter. Let me show you. The military salesman he says ""Peace doesn't pay"". (He's had a slow day) In search of enemies he calls the CIA. (And what do they say?) One of our puppets just aint towing the line. So now it's killing time. What an international crime. Andrew, here's a word you may not know: PRODUCER. He or she will explain concepts such as ""mixing"" and ""mics."" When the congas are louder than the vocals, there's a problem. Usually..."
" I want you to consider a possibility. An army of Central Americans is making its way to the US. The Republicans have the ability to use the ""nuclear option"" to pass much stronger illegal-immigration laws, but they haven't. The Democrats are planning to run on guns and DACA for the midterms. Americans as a whole are VERY decent people who want to do the right thing. If you look at California, the voters are consistently tricked into supporting dishonest legislation that bites them in the ass later. The worst are the propositions that reclassified violent felonies. Non-violent felons are now eligible for early release. A new non-violent felony is killing a police officer while resisting arrest. Now, after the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School mass shooting in Parkland, Florida, polls showed that Americans were leaning toward much more draconian gun-control laws. Americans were also leaning toward amnesty for recipients of the illegal DACA law. So what happened? Democrats screwed the pooch on both by overreaching and alienating the average American. It's actually quite amazing: At every step of the way, the Democrats made the wrong decision. It was as if they were being guided. A Judas goat is a goat trained to lead herds of ruminants to the slaughter. Ruminants include sheep. Another word for a Judas goat would be a double agent. On February 7, 2018, a unit of 500 or so Russians attacked Americans in Syria. The Russian were trying to seize oil fields at Deir Ezzor. We wiped out the unit. It suffered 200+ dead and 300 wounded. Jet fighters, Apache gunships, AC-130 gunships, and B-52 strategic bombers were used. You know what happened? A Judas goat led the Russians to slaughter. This engagement served two purposes: It showed Putin that we aren't afraid of him, and it showed the IRANIAN ARMED FORCES that will will help them if they ask. The Democrats are making such terrible decisions, it's as if they're deliberately being given bad advice. The Mexicans were convinced to allow an army of Central Americans to crash through our borders. Support for the wall just went up, support for taking a hard line of Mexico just went up, and support for getting rid of DACA just went up. The same thing happened with gun control. This toothless cow said that I don't care if children are murdered at school. Did that make me wither and meekly agree with her? Or did that make me call her a toothless cow and tell her to go get her udders drained? Trump has an army of Judas goats. Double agents. They advise the Democrats to do exactly the wrong thing, every time. The omnibus spending bill is another example. Trump controls the Democrats. With help from highly placed Democratic Judas goats... ADDENDUM: As says, ""Up your game."" If you IDENTIFY the double agents, what happens? CORRECT! They are no longer able to mislead the Democrats. You've all forgotten the parable of the goose that laid the golden eggs. It laid one golden egg per day, BUT THAT WASN'T GOOD ENOUGH. The farmer said, ""Duh! Me thinks goose have five million eggs inside!"" So he killed the goose and cut it open, to find...ENTRAILS. Now he got no more golden eggs, because he could not see the big picture. , why do I bother? Off for more coffee, With heroin mixed in..."
" 4-D chess. Kevin Harrington, Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Advisor for Strategic Planning. ""Some of the most prominent survivors from the Flynn era include: Kevin Harrington,the deputy assistant to the president."" That was August 4, 2017. July 1, 2017. Meanwhile... 4-D chess. Yup."
" I've been telling you about Arab strategic special forces using electronic warfare to fight bloodlessly. points out that WE'RE getting into the act. It's a new world..."
" I'm positive that this was part of General Flynn's plan. My theory is that Flynn did everything he could to get the FBI to come after him. Flynn pleaded guilty to a ""process crime"": lying to FBI investigators during their process of investigating him. There isn't a chance in the world that Flynn lied in order to cover up wrongdoing. The FBI had CLEARED him of wrongdoing just the day before. Rudolph Contreras is a FISA judge. FISA = Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. The story is that Obama used the fake Russia dossier to obtain FISA warrants to spy on members of the Trump campaign. Rudolph Contreras presided over Flynn's guilty plea to process violations. The FISA judges occupy the FISA seat on a rotating basis. Each sits for a week, issuing warrants that allow for surveillance. The fact that Contreras recused himself NOW means that he was involved in the issuing of FISA warrants to spy on Flynn. This will blow open the entire systemic abuse of the FISA process. Contreras had an extremely mediocre legal career. He's a nonentity. My guess is that Obama appointed him as a pet FISA judge. Flynn knew the FBI was gunning for him. Flynn also had Top Secret / Sensitive Compartmented Information (TS/SCI) security clearance. My theory is that NSA Director Mike Rogers was giving Flynn raw signals intelligence from November 8, 2016, at the earliest. The FBI interview took place ""on or around"" January 24, 2017. There's ALSO the possibility that someone in the FBI was a Trump mole who was giving Flynn step-by-step information the whole time. Contreras--by his conflict of interest--has given the DOJ the evidence needed to clean out the FISA court. In order to GET that evidence, Flynn had to plead guilty. Notice how all the OTHER accusations against Flynn went away. It's because NONE WERE TRUE. Flynn set up the FBI, the FISA Court, and the Obama DOJ. THAT'S how smart he is... ADDENDUM: In case I wasn't clear, Flynn's guilty plea gives the current DOJ evidence against not just the FISA Court but all agencies involved in the process. Therefore this allows the DOJ to investigate... "
" Incredible video of directed blast waves. NO GORE. The first munition takes out part of the pillar on the left, but there are no steel fragments. A SHOCK WAVE shattered the concrete. There's no damage whatsoever to the wall on the right, and the terrorist is hit with no fragments of steel. For whatever reason, he stands and runs TOWARD the source of the fire. A second munition envelops him in explosive vapor and kills him. The blast wave is directed INWARD. Note the distortion of the digital imagery. He falls over. And that's the end for him. In the past, high-explosive munitions made urban combat VERY dangerous for civilians. Each munition would shatter into thousands of razor-sharp fragments that flew hundreds of feet. After the Bataclan massacre in Paris, the cops eventually located the mastermind in an apartment. According to the commander of the police special forces, they fired high-explosive 40mm grenades into the apartment. It's called ""saturation fire,"" which is the term the commander used. The terrorist's girlfriend was screaming that she knew nothing about the attack and wanted to surrender. Her head and spinal cord were blown out the window and landed on a police car. The cops identified the main terrorist by the soles of his feet, which were the only pieces left. The entire building was ruined. The US under Obama stopped work on fuel-air explosives because they're also known as ""thermobaric"" munitions. Westerners have a childish horror of thermobaric munitions. ""Noah Shachtman of says 'It is among the most horrific weapons in any army’s collection.'"" Noah, you're an idiot. You prefer saturation fire with weapons that dismember a person down to the soles of his feet? The lights went out instantly for this guy. He didn't feel a thing. Directed blast waves SPARE CIVILIANS and preserve infrastructure. It's immoral to OPPOSE these weapons..."
" asks for a thread. He's talking about the Israelis' ability to project ""clear skies"" on radar screens. Here's an article about it. ""In a 2007 attack on a suspected nuclear site at al-Kibar, the Syrian military got a taste of this warfare when Israeli planes 'spoofed' the country’s air-defense radars..."" ""At first making it appear that no jets were in the sky and then in an instant making the radar believe the sky was filled with hundreds of planes."" First, everyone needs to accept that whatever ISRAEL has, the Gulf Cooperation Council has. And it goes MUCH FURTHER than radars. This drone base is not real. Years ago, ""experts"" said that countries could no longer have clandestine facilities, because satellites cover every inch of the world. Well, THIS happened. The largest amphibious landings in the history of the Middle East. In order to do it, the Saudis built a temporary port. NONE OF IT was caught by satellites. The Saudis can spoof satellites. They can project fake imagery into the satellites in order to cloak what's actually happening. In the 2016 ""Turkish coup,"" jets were observed by multiple radars, taking off from Incirlik. The base is 45 seconds by air from Ankara. The ""Turkish"" jets over Ankara had long-distance fuel tanks and no bombs. Israel just received 1000 pounds of paper and CDs that were physically removed from Iran's most top-secret facility. That means that Iran's most trusted security forces have turned. One way to turn somebody is to show him what you can do. Israel and the GCC can operate in total secrecy, out in the open. It's science fiction made real..."
" So what's up with this? ""U.S. military advisers in Syria had to call in American airstrikes and artillery support to repel an attack late Wednesday night by pro-Assad regime forces on a headquarters belonging to U.S.-backed rebels fighting ISIS."" ""A U.S. official said there were no U.S. casualties in the attack, which the U.S.-led anti-ISIS coalition called 'unprovoked' and an 'act of aggression' by 'Syrian pro-regime forces.'"" ""The attack on the SDF headquarters east of the Euphrates River was well coordinated and involved Russian-made T-54 and T-72 tanks, as well as artillery."" This is Iran trying to force the US out of Syria. The goal is to inflict casualties so that the American people will turn against Trump. In Iraq, our troops had suicidal rules of engagement. This was to protect our presidents from bad press. Trump is a different president. He's given James ""Mad Dog"" Mattis total control over how the wars are prosecuted. Therefore when the attack began, Mattis smashed it flat. And we have another advantage here that we didn't have in Iraq. We have allies from the Gulf Cooperation Council who are not even officially IN Syria. You think THOSE guys have rules of engagement? We're told that at least 100 pro-Assad militia were killed. It's hard to kill that many with air strikes and artillery. My guess is what happened was we opened up, and at the same time, the GCC commandos advanced. We're using amazingly accurate precision-guided munitions now, in both our aircraft and our artillery. Also ""air strikes"" doesn't mean only bombs. This is an air strike. That's a Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II ""Warthog."" What you're hearing at 0:06 is the sound of the machinery in the electric 30mm Gatling cannon. That means the aircraft is flying at rooftop level. The US Air Force refused for years to use the A-10 in Syria because they said it's too vulnerable. It's too slow. I've never heard an A-10 carry out a gun run that was so low that you can hear the actual machinery whirring in the cannon. All American A-10s are light gray. The A-10s in Syria are green. And they fly at rooftop level. I studied this for months, and I was unable to find evidence that we sold or leased A-10s to other countries. But. The United Arab Emirates has the Advanced Military Maintenance Repair Overhaul Center (AMMROC). The PLANS for the A-10 were owned by Fairchild Aircraft. In 2003, Fairchild and its assets were purchased by M7 Aerospace. And in 2010, M7 Aerospace was purchased by Elbit Systems...an Israeli company. You think the Israelis--with funding by the GCC--could build their own A-10s? You think maybe AMMROC and the Israelis could build A-10s that they never told anyone about? I do. Now watch all the angry ""experts"" tell me I'm full of it. In 3...2...1..."
" That's just not correct. The evidence that you're wrong is overwhelming. There's no such thing as monolithic Islam with a single set of rules. Because the religion lacks a global centralized authority, it's actually EASIER to reform than Christianity was. What YOU want is giant billboards, speeches, declarations, position papers, and--MOST OF ALL--a long period of atonement and the wearing of sackcloth and ashes. None of that will happen. I've been studying the wars in the Middle East daily since 2012. Have you? Of course not. It's absolutely clear that the Sunni-Shia divide is being healed, and Islamism--POLITICAL ISLAM--is being destroyed. Are you even aware of the sweeping changes in SAUDI ARABIA, once the seat of Salafism? The reason WE don't have to send 150,000 troops to the Middle East is because MUSLIM NATIONS sent 350,000. Those guys never left. They went to Saudi Arabia and disappeared. But they're fighting a new form of war, in secret, using extremely advanced technology. This is the next thing they have to tackle. Neither a ground invasion nor an air campaign will work. It's going to take mass infiltration. Thousands of commandos entering Lebanon secretly and taking out each target. And it'll be MUSLIMS doing it. Your worldview is in need of overhaul. The Reformation already happened, and it was bloodless. Christianity can't say that..."
" What happens when you delete your Twitter account? First, your page looks like this. Twitter gives you thirty days to change your mind. This is called the ""period of deactivation."" Your account is removed from the website but still available on Twitter's database. Your account information can be retrieved for up to 30 days after you delete it. You can reactivate your account it by logging in using your username and password on a desktop account. Once you've logged in and reactivated your account, your tweets, followers, and following list will all be restored as though you had never left. When your account has been reactivated it can take anywhere from a few minutes to a few days. In the first 48 hours after reactivation, your follower counts may fluctuate or be inaccurate. "
" Pre-blocked by a fake communist. doesn't actually want REAL communism. She wants PRETEND communism. Under REAL communism, this tripe would be impossible. My brother Tim went to the Soviet Union in 1977. Let me tell you about his experience. This was an exchange trip. A bunch of Soviets went to London while Tim's group went to Moscow. The foreigners all had minders. Wherever you went, there were Russian men following you. They prohibited you from speaking to any Russians. The Soviet Union had full employment. On Tim's hotel floor, they was the Key Watcher. You handed your key to the Key Watcher, who then handed it to the Assistant Key Watcher, who hung it on a board. The elevators had men inside who pressed the buttons for you. The students were taken to a department store, where they saw all the shelves stocked with goods. That nobody was allowed to buy. They were for display only. At Lenin's Tomb, one of the guards asked a kid if he would sell his jeans jacket. The kid said, ""I'll trade you for your belt."" The guard came to the hotel that night with six Red Army belts. He left with three jeans jackets and three pairs of jeans trousers. Every communist country is 100 percent corrupt. At the hardware store here, I was talking to my brother. A Chinese man standing next to us joined in. ""China is hell on earth,"" he said. ""I'd rather die than go back."" He said that communism makes people evil. They're so unhappy that they all take pleasure in ripping each other off. I study the military. Communist countries are all about playacting. They don't do anything well. North Korean soldiers are full of worms, and Chinese tanks have a shot trap that obligingly channels our rounds right down into the crew compartment. Self-destroying tanks. If I could grant this woman her wish, I would. Capitalists who pretend to be communists should all be forced to live under communism. I'm not interested in changing this woman's mind. I just want her to experience what she claims to support..."
" Yahoo fakes a story. Why are the photos so small? Because they're concealing the fact that a concrete wall was put up on the other side of the metal fence. You can see it through the bars. The press is now totally insane. I'm at a loss at how journalists are fabricating ALL their stories, just to ""get back"" at one man. We need mass emergency psychiatric intervention... ADDENDUM: They also did multiple takes. Look at the three guys NOT climbing. They're moving all over the place: up, down, together, apart. Totally fake story... "
" They're trying to fool you again. I'll show you two videos of the men who will take our place in Syria. Here they are in Iraq. And here they are in Syria. Check THIS out: Part of the plan. ""Iraqi special forces, however, may be dropped by air into Syria, Hisham al-Hashimi, a government adviser on ISIS, told Reuters."" The Iraqis will go into Syria as part of the regional force to stabilize the country. Assad and Iran will say, ""Good! Our buddies will help us!"" But the Iraqis WON'T helps Assad and Iran. Why not? Because Iran offers only slavery and death. The GCC offers freedom and self-determination. So watch what happens..."
" This is actually part of a long-term plan to normalize pedophilia. ""Ender Wiggin—aka —is the pseudonym of a “non-offending” or “anti-contact” pedophile: someone who is attracted to children, but claims to be gainst adult-child sex and child pornography."" If you're a ""non-offending pedophile,"" how would anyone know? The answer, of course, is that NOBODY WOULD KNOW. So why are ""non-offending pedophiles"" identifying themselves publicly? They tell you why. In their own words. ""He’s been using social media to reduce the stigma associated with pedophilia."" See? He says it in unambiguous language. Pedophilia MUST be stigmatized. It must NEVER lose its stigma. The agenda here is to convince people that pedophilia is not immoral. We can all see what will happen next: People will demand that children be given the right to decide for themselves whether or not they can have sex with adults. THAT is the agenda behind the ""non-offending pedophile"" movement. If a person were in fact a secret pedophile who never offending, why the need to tell the world? I'm very upfront about being a psychiatric patient, but it's not to ""reduce the stigma."" It's just that I'm not ashamed or embarrassed by my reality. When people taunt me for being a psychiatric patient, it doesn't mean anything anything to me. Insults from strangers on social media can't in any way compare with what MADE ME a psychiatric patient. I'm inured. If you're a secret, non-offending pedophile, why do you care what strangers say about pedophilia? You shouldn't. So why DO you? The answer is obvious: You want to become a PUBLIC pedophile. Now why would you want to do that? Because your goal is to someday be free to have sex with children without getting arrested. THAT'S what this is all about. In the early 2000s, there were several movies about heroic pedophiles. Those who hate the nuclear family are forever chipping away at what should be bedrock values. Pedophilia is a ""chronophilia."" Chronophilias are different from other orientations. Chronophiles are attracted to an AGE. That means they are incapable of genuinely loving a person. A pedophile doesn't remain attached. Pedophiles USE children. Normalizing pedophilia is NOT a sign of societal growth. It's a sign of societal decay. There ARE lines that must never be crossed. The novelist Piers Anthony wrote a ghastly book called ""Firefly."" It's about a creature that kills people through sex. It makes everyone in the vicinity has sex. The version I read had an addendum in which Anthony defended a jailed pedophile and published his short story of being seduced by an eight-year-old. The story was pornographic. When people defend pedophilia, it's a HUGE red flag. It tells you everything you need to know about them. ""Non-offending pedophiles"" want to become OFFENDING pedophiles. They should be stigmatized into silence..."
" asked me to comment on this. It's fake. It's a dramatization of what Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking fear. I don't get why killing fewer people through precision targeting is bad. Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking have nothing to say about the most deadly, horrifying weapon ever invented: Artillery. A high-explosive artillery round shatters into thousands of razor-sharp steel fragments. Ebrahim al-Khateeb of Orient News lost both eyes and much of his nose while broadcasting live. He was hit with ONE fragment from a high-explosive munition. From 1854 to 1914, artillery accounted for 10 percent of battlefield deaths. After 1914, it accounted for as much as 70 percent, depending on the battle. I hate poseurs, especially those who present themselves as acting out of morality and deep concern. Explosive nanodrones allow ONE PERSON to be taken out. This is a video of such an incident. It's not graphic. The autonomous drone hit the terrorist after he'd walked out of one crowd and before he entered another. This device is FAR MORE advanced than Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking had conceived. It's a fuel air explosive (FAE). The drone expelled its explosive vapor and then detonated it from the OUTSIDE IN. The terrorist was killed by an all-enveloping shock wave that SQUISHED him to death. I've seen these devices used in combat since 2015. They're already here. Nobody is abusing them. Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking are not sincere, and they're BUTT IGNORANT of what's actually going on. Reality is FAR more advanced than their fake presentation of the future. This German soldier of world War I survived an artillery strike. This is a REAL IMAGE, not retouched. Autonomous drones are HUMANE and MORAL. Musk and Hawking make me sick. They know NOTHING about conventional munitions, which cause lifelong suffering. The new push is to ban precision-guided munitions. THAT is your proof that ""human rights"" group WANT mass casualties. In Sweden, the government banned the cops' less-lethal weapons one by one. They were considered ""inhumane."" All the cops had left were their pistols. GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? Police shootings skyrocketed. The cops had NO OTHER MEANS to protect themselves and others. Those who demand the banning of precision-guided munitions and autonomous drones are immoral. It's as simple as that..."
" A while back, the Turks said they would FIRE ON American troops in the Syrian city of Manbij. They would give us the ""Ottoman slap."" Guess what the Turks are saying NOW? ""Turkey will take steps together with the United States in Syria’s Manbij region, Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said on Friday, following his meeting with new U.S. Secretary State Mike Pompeo in Brussels."" What changed Turkey's mind? This. Three Turkish Leopard 2 tanks being atomized by a new weapon. That's a Russian 9M113 Konkurs antitank guided missile, but it has a fuel-air explosive or thermobaric warhead. Most powerful such missile ever made. The Turks are allowed to pretend that they didn't have their asses handed to them on a silver platter. This is how governments are being persuaded to cooperate. Massive blows from sticks, and then some nice carrots. Treats... "
" Pearl Harbor. The story of William Woodward Outerbridge. On December 7, 1941, Lieutenant Commander Outerbridge was skipper of the destroyer USS Ward (DD-139). Outerbridge was informed by coastal minesweeper USS Condor of a periscope seen in the harbor. So Outerbridge went looking. He saw the periscope following the cargo ship SS Antares. Outerbridge attacked. First he ordered the deck gun to open fire. Then Outerbridge ordered depth charges dropped. The result was that Outerbridge sank a Japanese two-man midget submarine. USS Ward fired the first American shots of World War II. Only after he sank the submarine did Outerbridge inform his superiors. And guess what? All of this took place BEFORE the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. Outerbridge had no idea that the Japanese were about to carry out a surprise attack. He saw a submarine operating in restricted waters, so he sank it. THEN he notified the navy. has returned the US armed forces to what they once were. This? General John W. Nicholson Jr. did that on his own initiative. As we remember Pearl Harbor, give thanks that our president has faith in the armed forces to do the right thing. That faith is well placed..."
" Saudi Arabia and religious intolerance. In 1979, Saudi Arabia had a short, small, but utterly vicious civil war. Wahhabists seized the Gran Mosque in Mecca. The Saudi armed forces and internal security forces were too weak and ill trained to deal with the situation. In Saudi Arabia, commanders of all armed units got their positions through nepotism. The war was a disaster. In two weeks, hundreds of terrorists, security forces, and civilians were killed. After the uprising was put down, King Khaled pretty much totally caved to the Wahhabists. The problem was that the Saudi security forces were simply unable to defend the state. So the state appeased. From 1979 until today--November 4, 2017--the Saudis prepared for ridding themselves of ENFORCED Wahhabism. The future of Saudi Arabia will be a choice: You can be a Wahhabist, or you can be ______________. It's VERY significant that Mohammed bin Salman mentioned 1979. He also said it must be done QUICKLY. Today's arrests show that the reformers have won. THIS is what you must remember: Turkey and Iran FORCED secularism on their people, on pain of death. So what happened? Both countries reverted, and they became Islamist. Their religion was STOLEN from them, at the point of a gun. So the Saudis are going to build cities were people will choose their own religious laws and rules. The strict Muslims won't EVEN HAVE TO SEE IT. Only one new law is coming: You can't force anyone to be religious. So the Saudis have found the solution, and the country WILL be a global superpower. The region will follow. And all will be well."
" points out what's happening in ONE area, but... This is actually happening in EVERY SINGLE BRANCH OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. And it's happening in the ENTIRE WORLD. The press doesn't report on it. Why not? Let's ask THIS guy. Why is Trump winning, and why are his opponents crapping out? And... Here we go. Trump's enemies tell him how to defeat them. What is the worst thing that Trump can do? His one unforgivable crime? Tweeting. By simply tweeting, Trump has provided cover for his entire cabinet and for our allies in the Middle East. Don't underestimate the importance of what's happening in Lebanon. Hezbollah runs multiple criminal enterprises all over the world in order to fund Iran. If Iran loses Hezbollah, AND if we reimpose sanctions, the mullahs are gone. Maybe in a matter of days. Poor was bemoaning Trump not effectively parroting conservative talking points the way Jonah and his colleagues have done for decades. While Jonah sulked, Trump put on a show. ""Hey! Look at me! Why I oughtta... Yer mother's mustache!"" The press ran to their computers. ""DID YOU HEAR WHAT THE BASTARD SAID NOW?"" And meanwhile EVERY SINGLE TRUMP ALLY was cleaning up the mess, and the Middle East was cleaning up the mess, and the Chinese were making deals and helping us clean up the mess. Trump hoodwinked EVERYBODY. Except the handful of us who PREDICTED that he'd do exactly this. He studied Sun Tzu. That means he can't lose... "
" Hey! Black Lives Matter! Guy actually SHOT AT THE COPS and they WRESTLED THE RIFLE away. Detective Howard Brickner and Corporal Lynn Bays. They don't fit the narrative, do they? Strange how THESE stories don't make the news. It's almost like there's an AGENDA or something! Look at that rifle. But the cops didn't shoot him. Could it be that Black Lives Matter only cares about death, NOT life? That would pretty much explain EVERYTHING, wouldn't it? Hmmm..."
" Okay. If the security forces are not following orders, it means that this is indeed regime change. Two things may be happening: One is that the security forces are getting bogus orders from SOMEONE who has hacked into the communications systems. The second possibility is that SOMEONE convinced the security forces to stand down. See, the best way to do things is with no drama. If the security forces go out and simply STAND THERE, the people can take over without violence. The security forces should not make a big announcement that will cause the mullahs' supporters to mobilize. If the security forces simply engage in PASSIVE RESISTANCE, then regime change will happen in a matter of hours. If the Iranians pull this off, it'll be one of the most stunningly brilliant developments in human history. A totally bloodless revolution. I hope the security forces continue to resist. After the mullahs are gone, the lives of ALL Iranians will improve. Iran will have a great friend in the United States. We can all look to the future together. Be well, Iranians. I want all of you to be free, safe, and happy..."
" Check THIS out: Here's how my post appeared: Here's what I actually WROTE: ""Boko Haram HAS been virtually exterminated by the Cameroonian Rapid Intervention Battalion (BIR), trained by the IDF."" ""Trained by the IDF"" was REMOVED from the tweet as it went public. Amazing..."
" Here's a plausible account. Fake accounts are trying to get conservatives to swallow conspiracy theories. At the same time, opportunistic ""independent journalists"" are doing the same thing. One of them said that this helicopter was firing on the crowd. Those are anti-collision strobe lights. I block people for being belligerent, insane, and rude. That's it. You can say whatever you want to me, as long as you're not a lunatic or an a-hole. I also block Jew-haters. They seem to be possessed by Satan. I don't want to hear from Satan. If I have to explain THAT, it's time for me to get off Twitter..."
" Now THIS is interesting. Troops in Yemen. They're wearing Lyra Model 218 body armor. Who and what is Lyra? Pakistan's oldest and most advanced manufacturer of body armor. Pakistan has sworn to the heavens that she's not involved in Yemen. Major General Najim al-Jibouri, Iraqi Army, commander of the Mosul operation (left). These men were all over Iraq and Syria. You can give the adab with your left hand when you have a rifle in your right. On the left is an Iraqi colonel, holding a radio. What's important is that all the men giving or receiving the adab are wearing Iraqi uniforms. There's never been a major conflict fought by entire armies operating in total secrecy, while wearing the uniforms of their allies..."
" This is why the US needs to NOT interfere in this part of the world: The Iraqi Kurds slaughtered each other from 1994 to 1997. Now, they're blaming the US for the consequences of their own actions. The Kurdish press is fanning the flames of sectarian and ethnic hatred. We helped these people, and this is the thanks we get. It's up to the Middle East to figure this out. NO MORE AMERICAN BLOOD AND TREASURE for these people. The Kurds held an illegal referendum, and now they're bitching that the Iraqi government isn't honoring the result. All we heard from the Peshmerga was how nobody would arm them. So the Germans gave them rifles. GUESS WHAT? ""Oh, give us guns! Please-please-please!"" Then they SELL THE GUNS?! You can't deal with people like that. Corruption and duplicity rule their lives. So we can't get involved in this, except to try and talk sense into everybody. This is entirely the fault of the Kurds, and now their government is whipping them into a frenzy. NOT OUR PROBLEM. This is as good a time as any to reveal what everyone is afraid to say: THE KURDS CAN'T FIGHT. That's why they provided perimeter security during the war against the Islamic State. We gave the Kurds an UNBELIEVABLE amount of weapons. We asked them to please NOT have an illegal referendum. They said, ""SCREW YOU! We do what we want!"" And now they're demanding that we help them. They had the referendum, and now they're using Hamas-style propaganda. ""American F-16 jets killing babies!"" Remember that? Enough. These are not reliable allies. The problem will be sorted out. But we can't make the mistake of trusting the Kurds again. Let the REGION deal with them..."
" Strzok! is a fanatical Democrat who was shtupping another FBI lawyer. Both are married to hapless spouses. Strzok! sent Trump-hating text messages to his squeeze. These messages were given to the Inspector General by the National Security Agency because Strzok! and his squeeze were being investigated for leaks. In interviews, speeches, and tweets, Trump warned everybody to stop leaking. Have seen the caliber of former Intelligence Community members here on Twitter? One was fired for sending photos of his peepee to a woman. These people are bloated with self-regard and fantasy. Therefore they COMPLETELY underestimated Trump, Flynn, and Mike Rogers. Flynn created a tam of Leak Killers who all got security clearances. Then McMaster ""fired"" them, leaving them to receive raw signals intelligence (SIGINT) from Mike Rogers. Roger and the Leak Killers first wiped out the leakers, and then they started in on the politicized members of the Intelligence Community. Strzok! couldn't keep his pants buttoned or his Trump-hating mouth shut. And thus he was nailed by ADULTS, not large children like him. "
" Nobody knows anything, and I CANNOT UNDERSTAND. This is NOT a shoot-down. The aircraft is an American McDonnell-Douglas F-15 Eagle, of which the Saudis have almost 100. The video was shot with a FLIR Ultra 8500. The pilot was warned by his aircraft that a missile was coming, so he put on his afterburners to skedaddle. That's a big ball of hot air. The two engines are working overtime. Then the pilot fired two flares to try and make the heat-seeking missile chase THEM, not him. The third photo is an American A-10 dropping flares. Here comes the missile. The way surface-to-air-missiles (SAMs) work is that they have an on-board radar system that makes them blow up with they GET CLOSE to the aircraft. The missile is like a shotgun; the warhead sends fragments into the aircraft. It's as clear as day what happened. The aircraft is protected with an electronic system that DELAYED the explosion of the missile. The camera angle makes it look like the missile hit, but it actually blew up far enough away from the aircraft that it did no damage. This image is simply the heat signature of the aircraft and the heat signature of the missile merging. NOT an explosion. HERE is your explosion. See the fragments? The jet flies on, undamaged. The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) has electronic warfare (EW) capabilities FAR more advanced than those of any other country except Israel. It's because the GCC capabilities are Israeli. The SAM blew up without damaging the aircraft. You can see it with your own eyes. Damnedest thing that NOBODY sees what I see. Freaky..."
" HOLY SMOKES. I just realized something. ""Meanwhile state TV said rallies were due to take place on Saturday to commemorate 2009 demonstrations held in support of the then conservative government of Mahmud Ahmedinejad."" THAT'S how Romania's Nicolae Ceaușescu was overthrown. He held a massive pro-government rally that turned against him. Watch what happens. I wonder. Is the December 30 the day...? ADDENDUM: This was posted in 2009. Look at the title. "
" Here's everything that's wrong with American culture. This guy is ABUSING YOU in order to become famous. The mass murderer has 23 rifles, most of them loaded with 100-round magazines. He had an assembly line of loaded rifles. When one ran out of bullets, he picked up another. The lying guy tells you that it's ""tough to believe"" that the murderer fired two rounds per second. Here he is firing more than 10 rounds per second. Multiple videos show 100 rounds being dumped into the crowd. Here's 200 rounds. He consistently fired ten rounds per second. He SHOULD'VE fired 3000+ rounds, not 1100. When I asked why this liar is fanning the flames of conspiracy theories, here's what someone told me. Is everyone now a child who has to be told what to think, or else he goes out of control and comes up with demented notions? WHY DO I KNOW EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS CASE? I know all the facts. Nothing was hidden from me. I found everything in the police and FBI statements. ""Well, what about his motivation?"" He was insane. And angry. This is an open-and-shut case. Anyone who tells you otherwise is a liar or a lunatic..."
" Attention : I told you earlier today that SOME people in Syria need a gentle push. The Tiger Forces are nominally Syrian Arab Army, led by Suheil al-Hassan (center). Hassan is dead, and he's now being portrayed by a VERY unconvincing double. This poor actor had to sit there as Putin praised him and declared the war in Syria over. The Tiger Forces were said to be Syria's best commandos, but videos show men with no training. They're doing what's called the ""Arab Death Bloom."" When attacked, everybody opens up on full auto in all directions. Now, Russia. The Russians sent their most advanced main battle tank, the T-90. It has reactive (explosive) armor and something else: This is the Shtora active defense system. The Russians say it can jam all antitank guided missiles. Well, the Tiger Forces were ambushed at Al-Kashma on November 17, 2017. And a T-90 was utterly destroyed. The hull. The turret. ""Experts"" are sayingthe ammunition cooked off, but it's clear that the destruction was caused by the missile WARHEAD. The entire side of the tank is gone. An antitank guided missile (ATGM) uses a high-explosive antitank (HEAT) warhead. It creates a jet of molten metal that cuts through the armor. To get that jet of molten metal, you use a copper cone surrounded by high explosive. It's called a ""shaped charge."" Here's a Hellfire missile. A shaped charge can cut through armor and detonate the ammunition, yes. But today's tanks can survived shaped charges. This M1 Abrams was hit by several rocket-propelled grenades with shaped charges in the warheads. So to get around modern defenses, the Gulf Cooperation Council uses a new antitank guided missile. It gets around the tank's defenses by simply smashing the tank to pieces. This is the explosion of the warhead, not the tank's ammunition. We're back to shock waves. The missile uses a fuel-air explosive, I'm sure. Israeli research showed that vapor could be more than ten times as powerful as high explosive. The T-90 was simply smashed to pieces. Therefore none of the defenses worked. More losses that the Russians are covering up... ADDENDUM: Me: ""The first time ever that a Russian T-90 was blown to pieces."" Twitter: ""Ears?"" Can't say I'm unresponsive to the readers. Suheil al-Hassan One. Suheil al-Hassan Two. Suheil al-Hassan Three. Suheil al-Hassan Four. Suheil al-Hassan Five. Suheil al-Hassan Six. Suheil al-Hassan Seven. Suheil al-Hassan Eight. Suheil al-Hassan Nine. And Suheil al-Hassan Ten. These are obviously the same men. The ears tell the story... "
" Check THIS out. An Arab spy was identified by the Iranian Arabs of Ahwaz. This is what happened to him FIRST. Looks pretty bad, huh? Well, SOMEONE pulled him to his feet and saved him from being beaten to death. The guy in white, pounding on him? He's actually keeping him alive. Let's back up. Watch the guy in white. Somebody had a giant KNIFE. But our spy shows no sign of having been stabbed or sliced. By PRETENDING to beat the hell out of the guy, the man in white actually saved his life. I think that's a good thing. The usual revolution comes with terrible bloodshed. Here, the point isn't to set an example for the government. The point is to BREAK THE PATTERN, and to not do things that people will regret later. Roughing up a spy is different from killing him. By REFRAINING, the Iranians take giant steps forward, and they make the post-mullah Iran a better place. Good for them..."
" Here's another reason why I believe the Gulf Cooperation Council has taken off the gloves, under the cover of Trump's strategic deception: The Houthis are now launching Iranian drones at Saudi Arabia. They attacked the an Aramco Oil facility with a ""Qasef-1"" drone. The Houthis say that the Qasef-1 was designed and built in Yemen. It's actually an Iranian Ababil, the same model that Hezbollah uses. The Saudis have warned Iran for over two years now that military action will be taken. I believe that extremely lethal military action is now being taken--but it's surgical action. Civilians have nothing to worry about. When you have a new weapon or system, the final test before it is adopted is called the ""Beta Test."" THIS was a Beta Test. In the SAME report, the Iranians said that the explosion was caused by a gas cylinder AND chemicals used in manufacturing firecrackers. There were 39 victims. I found 36 photos. ALL were military age males. AND. One victim. Another victim. Look at his pants. A third victim. Wearing riot-control leg protection. Someone tested a method of targeting security forces. This guy is blocking the camera with a helmet. Look at the visor. What the hell did THAT? So Trump is distracting from an operation that began years ago and has been tested. The protests were the final step. Soon Iranians will be free... ADDENDUM: God give me strength. The Breitbart article is from 2016, yes. THAT IS THE POINT. The GCC was already Beta Testing in 2016. NOW do you understand...?"
" I don't care. THIS is pure insanity. The conspiracy theorists are claiming it's two different men. He has exactly the same facial features. He's wearing BODY ARMOR on Ellen's show because he's TERRIFIED. You're acting like lunatics. This guy is 100 percent innocent, and he's stressed to the point of collapse."
" The Kurds destroy a Turkish M60 Patton tank using a missile that carried out a ""top-down"" attack. You can see that the missile detonated ABOVE the tank. Top armor is thin. The Turks an upgraded Israeli M60 Patton tank called the ""Sabra."" There are antitank guided missiles (ATGMs) designed for ""top-down"" attack. This tank was knocked out by an ATGM. As you can see, the tank is totally intact. When the jet of molten copper penetrates, it destroys the interior of the tank. That little hole is all you see from the outside. The Turks are losing lots of tanks. We don't see many of them explode into pieces, but it the jet of molten copper cuts through the armor, the tank is done. Everyone waited until Erdogan had declared victory. Then they began hitting the Turks VERY hard. It's a mess, but it's a CONTAINED mess. And there was no other outcome possible. The Turks wanted a fight, so now they're getting it. Hopefully they'll have enough pretty soon and go home... ADDENDUM: Apologies for all the typos. A jet of molten copper penetrated my head and destroyed everything inside..."
" Allow to show you how stupid and blind the press is. ""For the leader of the world’s most powerful country to sit down with his North Korean counterpart would be to bestow an aura of legitimacy and international importance on the rogue state’s regime."" ""For this very reason, Donald Trump’s immediate predecessors declined to honor North Korea’s request, absent sweeping concessions that Pyongyang proved unwilling to make."" AND HOW DID THAT BRILLIANT PLAN WORK? Well, the North Koreans became a nuclear power, they steadily improved their ballistic missiles, and they helped Iran and Syria develop missiles and nuclear weapons. In 2007, the Israelis had to undertake an INCREDIBLY risky mission to destroy Assad's nascent nuclear-weapons program, which was being run by North Koreans. Then The Iranians went FAR underground and scattered THEIR nuclear-weapons operations all over the country. Only regime change can stop it now. Here's a question: Does hating Trump make you dumb, or do only dummies hate Trump? It's absolutely clear that we wiped out North Korea's nuclear-weapons program, AND we wiped out the people running the country. The Kim family HAS NO PRAETORIAN GUARD. Each new Kim is CHOSEN by the ruling elite: the generals of the Korean Peoples' Army and their pals. You're hearing people say, ""This is the same old, same old."" NO. This is a different-new, different-new. Trump has broadly hinted that he's already talking with Kim. This is all THEATER to show the Pacific that we don't grind peoples' faces into the dirt. We have to win over the Chinese, the Vietnamese, the Cambodians, the Laotians, the Burmese, and the Filipinos. This isn't ONLY about North Korea. Trump BEGAN with the hardest nut to crack. ""Face"" is what matters most to East Asians. If Trump establishes a bilateral relationship with North Korea, then it's all over. THE REGION wins. Trump is in it for THE WORLD, not the United States. The way we handled North Korea from 1953 was a TOTAL FAILURE. Trump isn't ""appeasing"" anyone. He and Kim are performing for THE REGION. It's as clear as day. For the life of me, I'll never understand the pathological embracing of failure..."
" A worldview that may be alien to you. In 2013 I gave up trying be an author. In 2015 I gave up trying to make a documentary film. I'm working on another project, but it's the same old thing: People are ""too busy,"" or they just can't commit. The most common mindset is ""What's in it for me?"" I get that. But the end result is an ocean of mediocrity. The funny thing is, I don't really care anymore. I'm trying to get my project off the ground, but ANYTHING that relies on others will fail. Unless: You're ALREADY a big cheese. It's that old conundrum: They hire you only if you have experience, but you can't get experience because they won't hire you unless you have experience. I have tons of military documents and photos that will need a home after I die. Here's the problem: Researchers at the US National Archives STEAL material. they use razors to cut photos out of albums. An audit of the Ronald Reagan Library showed that the staff had stolen 80 percent of the holdings. The British Imperial War Museum is constantly cutting staff and services. A large source of my collection is from museums that went out of business. I found a World War One Russian poison-gas manual from a defunct Estonian museum. So I'm going to donate my collection to the Saudi Arabian Command and Staff College, if they'll take it. It has to go somewhere that WON'T go out of business, and nobody will steal parts of it. I look at my timeline, and I see all these scrabbling weirdos selling negative shite for money and fame. I have it in me to to blow away ALL these piddling twerps. But as usual, I can't get anyone to help me. It's okay. It's the world's loss, not mine. I'm perfectly happy to never see my project come to fruition. It may be that it's simply not feasible. If that's the case, I'll simply put it behind me and move on. All I really care about is old postcards. My guess is that AFTER I croak, THEN it'll be, ""O why didn't we...?"" Save it. It's tedious and ordinary. So if things don't work out, I'LL be the only one who knew. If a tree never existed, does it matter whether it falls in the forest or not? No. You really do have to let go. These people are all scrabbling for MORE. It won't make them happy, but they won't stop. "
" A lesson from World War II. The 17th SS Panzergrenadier Division ""Götz von Berlichingen"". The Waffen SS was the armed wing of the Nazi party's Schutzstaffel (SS), which protected Hitler and committed atrocities. That was their job. Atrocities. ""Panzergrenadiers"" are motorized, armored infantry. On June 7, 1944, the 17th SS Panzergrenadier Division was ordered from from Thouars, France, to Normandy. Remember, D-Day was June 6, 1944. An anonymous SS staff officer told his American interrogators what happened. ""Everyone was in a good mood and eager to see action again — happy that the preinvasion spell of uncertainty and waiting had snapped at last."" This was the Waffen SS, Hitler's finest. To join it, you had to prove your racial purity. SS men had their blood types tattooed in their armpit to make sure that they got treated first. SS men also had special brothels where they impregnated blonde volunteers. All the babies and toddlers were abandoned in 1945, by the way. But Americans adopted most of them. So the racially pure SS is headed to Normandy to eradicate the ""subhumans"" who dared to land in France. Guess what the Nazis didn't know? The Allies never learned how to do amphibious landings. The relied on aerial and naval bombardment, and it NEVER WORKED. In Normandy, Brigadier General Elwood Quesada, U.S. Army Air Corps, anticipated the failure of aerial and naval bombardment. So Quesada IMPROVISED Tactical Air Commands (TACs) that used radar and microwave early warning radar (MEW) to vector fighter bombers right onto specific targets chosen by men on the ground. The TACs were comprised of a Tactical Control Center (TCC) a MEW, three Forward Director Posts, three or four Close Control Units and four Direction Finding Stations. The Close Control Units used the precision radar of antiaircraft guns. So Quesada created out of thin air the ability to pinpoint a specific position and destroy it using a fighter bomber. Quesada's innovations are what allowed the Allies to get off the beach at Normandy. But Quesada wasn't finished. As the Allied troops moved into France, each group had a tank that was crewed by AIR CORPS personnel. Pilots. They controlled the air cover using Quesada's innovations. Back to the Nazis. They're headed to Normandy, happy! And this is what happened to them. ""Spouts of fire flicked along the column and splashes of dust staccatoed the road. Everyone was piling out of the vehicles and scuttling for the neighboring fields. Several vehicles already were in flames."" ""The men started drifting back to the column again, pale and shaky and wondering that they had survived this fiery rain of bullets. Had that been a sign of things to come? This had been our first experience with the 'Jabos' (Fighter bombers)."" ""It dawned on us that this opponent that had come to the beach of Normandy was of somewhat different form. The march was called off, and all vehicles that were left were hidden in the dense bushes or in barns. No one dared show himself out in the open anymore."" ""Now the men started looking at each other. The first words passed. This was different from what we thought it would be like. If things like this happened here, what would it be like up there at the front?"" ""No, this did not look like a feint attack upon our continent. It had been our first experience with our new foe — the American."" ""But now the ""Jabo"" plague became even more serious. No hour passed during the daytime without that nerve-frazzling thunder of the strafing fighters overhead."" ""And whenever we cared to look we could see that smoke billow from some vehicle, fuel depot or ammunition dump mushrooming into the sky."" On July 26, 1944, the Americans sent in 2000 heavy bombers, and the 17th SS Panzergrenadier Division ceased to exist. The main American fighter bomber was the Republic P-47 Thunderbolt. It had eight .50 caliber machine guns. The American pilots fired the guns into the road so that the bullets ricocheted up UNDER the German vehicles, where the armor was thin. Strafing footage. So the Germans LOST because they held Americans in contempt and were not prepared. AND. We had military commanders who were able to create entirely new tactics on the spot. Final word: The Republic P-47 Thunderbolt lives on. The Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II. When we're good, we're VERY VERY good..."
" Back to Trump the Toddler. ""Whistleblowers, Republican congressional members, and some former intelligence officials cite mounting concern that the White House may not release the House Intelligence Committee’s FISA abuse memo..."" ""As the FBI pushed against plans to make it public based on false allegations that the memo contains information that would harm U.S. national security, sources tell this reporter."" The Deep State outwits Trump again! D'OH! Why did we elect a toddler who can't see what bloggers see?! As always, no faith in the president. They will NEVER trust that Trump knows what he's doing. Never..."
" How brilliant is ? THIS brilliant. ""Obama’s team had used the Espionage Act, passed in 1917, to kick-start eight prosecutions involving allegations of leaked classified information."" ""Obama’s eight prosecutions far outranked the three Espionage Act prosecutions under every other president before him."" So between 1917 and 2017, there were eleven Espionage Act prosecutions, eight of which were carried out by Obama. So what did Trump do instead? That is an admission IN PLAIN LANGUAGE that the leakers were giving the press FAKE INFORMATION. There were two kinds of leakers: The real ones--who were identified with barium meals and removed or left in place--and the fake ones, who knowingly gave the press strategic disinformation. Trump and Michael Flynn crafted a counter-espionage operation LONG BEFORE Trump won the election. Am I the only person who understands that Trump became president before he was elected? Trump did FAR more than hit the ground running. He began his presidency while he was still campaigning. Before Trump ran for office, he made a list of everything he'd have to do as president. And before he became president, he took care of virtually all of the problems he'd face as president. So before Trump began campaigning, he asked himself, ""How will I handle leaks?"" There were only a handful of REAL leaks. And Trump identified the leakers himself in one case. These were members of the Intelligence Community, sent to brief Trump. He didn't tell ANYONE the nature of the meeting. When the meeting was leaked, Trump therefore knew who the leakers were. This 70-year-old businessman and television personality UTTERLY OWNED PROFESSIONAL SPOOKS. It didn't even OCCUR TO THEM that Trump would do something like that. I have a theory about President Trump. He's a film buff. My guess is that one of his favorite films is A Touch of Evil. Hank Quinlan is Orson Welles's greatest character. Quinlan mumbles and appears distracted, but he misses NOTHING. He's the smartest person in the world, and he hides it behind a facade he created. I'm sure President Trump won't mind me comparing him to Hank Quinlan. After all, to leftists, Donald Trump may as well BE Hank Quinlan. But the point is that the Quinlan you see is a weapon. He controls everyone without seeming to know even what day it is. Those who underestimate Hank Quinlan don't live to regret it. Trump hasn't HAD to prosecute leakers, because he solved the problem BEFORE he even ran for president. Trump will always win. He's simply too smart for his opponents to defeat him. President Obama is a very ordinary man. He did everything in a mediocre way. Even his lawlessness is mediocre. A Chicago machine politician. Yawn. Trump is already our greatest president, and he's just getting started. We made the right decision on November 8, 2016. So be happy. All will be well... ADDENDUM: I just wanted to make sure that people understand this: Trump ANTICIPATED most if not all of what's happening. We have this: And we have this: Trump MADE SURE that this would come out. It would've been VERY EASY for the Obama administration to cover its tracks or muddy the waters. We have VERY heavy hitters committing themselves to the idea that catastrophe is about to be visited on the Democrats. They're saying this in UNAMBIGUOUS language. This means that the evidence was preserved. And THAT means that Trump had allies in the Obama administration. He was able to make sure that this evidence wasn't destroyed or altered. See, the Democrats just need to confuse the public. That's all. We're being told that things are as bad as bad can be. This wasn't discovered by accident. Trump had help. And THAT means he anticipated all of this..."
" The Gulf Cooperation Council has weapons that are a minimum of 50 years ahead of ours. After making peace with Israel in 2006, the GCC funded weapons development to the tune of unknown trillions. Hypersonic attack jets. Hypersonic kinetic projectiles. Explosive nanodrone swarms. Fuel-air munitions with directed blast waves. Missiles that atomize tanks. But most importantly, they have electronic warfare (EW) capabilities that we can't comprehend. Iran poses no threat whatsoever. The mullahs are done. SOMEBODY used Rods From God in combat. The answer is ""YES."" The people with the most advanced military technology and the best soldiers are the GCC. No doubt about it..."
" A mental patient. His photo says everything. So does this. You have to work HARD to get one of these. As always, the ghouls are out in force. It's important that these people pay a price for always using the dead as political props. Make them pay in 2018 and 2020. The reality is that leftists like Warren refuse to address the REAL issue: The dangerously insane are allowed to walk among us. It's not possible to pass gun laws that prevent these atrocities. We need to revisit laws that allow authorities to commit and medicate people against their will. OR we can learn to accept mass shootings. It's a difficult issue. You have to balance public safety and individual rights. Screeching ""NRA! NRA! NRA!"" is beneath contempt. Warren and her party must pay at the ballot box. The Democrats WANT mass shootings. The speed and glee of their responses tell me that this is true. So the first step is to REMOVE the party that wants mass shootings. We remove them by voting them out. Only THEN can we address this issue sanely... ADDENDUM: People have legitimate differences of opinion over what to do about the dangerously mentally ill. That's fine. Those of us who ACTUALLY care can work on it AFTER we vote out the ghouls who see all suffering though the prism of partisan politics. By uniting, we can vote out the Democrats, and THEN we can find solutions that we can all accept... ADDENDUM TWO: Add another Democratic ghoul to the list. This one falsely claimed to have served in Vietnam. ""On a few occasions, I have misspoken about my service and I regret that and I take full responsibility."" How do you ""misspeak"" about your service? He LIED, and now he uses dead Americans as political props. Enough IS enough. We need to vote this party completely out of power."
" How bad are things with the press? THIS bad. ""The Kurdish Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) attacked a military camp on Turkish territory used by troops for preparing Operation Olive Branch in Syria's Kurdish-held Afrin, the SDF media center said on Saturday."" ""Our forces carried out a specific military operation against the invaders and their operation desk in Qara Xaneh township in the Turkish state of Hatay, killing 7 terrorists including Turkish soldiers, in addition to a large number of wounded."" ""Therefore, our forces call on civilians to stay away from the military points of the Turkish invasion army and Daesh/ Al-Nusra points, because all of the military points are legitimate targets for our forces,"" MAJOR Arabic-language press outlets picked up the story. ""DAMASCUS (Reuters) - Syrian forces launched a military operation targeting Turkish army positions in the Turkish state of Hatay in response to a month-long Turkish-led offensive against the northern Syrian region of Afrin."" Then they repeat the SDF statement found in Sputnik word for word. Bizarre English-language Websites picked up the story. So I looked the Reuters article making the claim. It doesn't exist. The SDF Pres Office is in Arabic, but it has a tab for English. Here's the statement from February 18, 2018, the day the SDF is alleged to have attacked a city in Turkey. And the ACTUAL quote. The entire world's press has become social media, raving about the Rothschilds, the Deep State, and ""false flags."" It's INFURIATING. Why should it take me a frigging HOUR to find out of a story is true, and why should I have to read articles in languages I don't even speak? Since the article first appeared in Sputnik, my guess is that it's another hoax. Since the Russians just want to be the world's clowns, we need to treat them that way. The original song is HORRIBLE. Mortifying to the point of making you want to run from the room. So some guy did fake English subtitle based on what it sounds like. Better than the original... "
" Watch what I do NOW. DEBKA is hit or miss. BUT. On November 7, 2015, the US Navy tested a Trident missile that flew over Los Angeles. Then-governor Mike Pence was invited to watch the test. GUESS WHAT? By identifying the streets, I determined that the missile was flying from east to west. I other words, it was fired from the LAND. It was NOT a US Navy Trident missile. The missile hit the test range on San Nicholas Island. The island. The test range is on the left. You can see tons of impact craters. Pence was instrumental in bringing Israeli military manufacturers to Indiana. He was honored in Tel Aviv. At the time, I figured that this was a new Israeli short-range ballistic missile, almost certainly fired by a disguised launcher. This is the Israeli Pereh (Onager), a guided missile launcher disguised as a tank. The barrel is fake. The launcher rises out of the turret to fire the missiles. The Pereh was used in combat for 33 years. Its existence was completely unknown until the IDF declassified it in June of 2015. Strategic commandos of the Guld Cooperation Council are blowing the hell out of Iranian bases in Syria using short-range BALLISTIC MISSILES in disguised launchers. The launchers would look like armored personnel carriers. Trump spent over a year getting the world used to seeing American troops in Syria. BUT GUESS WHAT? The guy on the right isn't American. He's speaks perfect English...with a faint accent. Syria is full of men who hang out with Americans. US Special Forces have the Armored Ground Mobility System (AGMS). This one in Syria has a BGM-71 TOW missile launcher. It's not American. Here's what happened in Syria, beginning in 2011. The Syrians rose up, and Assad started killing them. The Free Syrian Army formed in 2011. In 2012, jihadists began arriving in Syria. In 2013, the US began training and arming rebels. The CIA had one program, and the military had another. The Saudis PRETENDED to help out, but they had their own plan. As far as I can tell, the Gulf Cooperation Council became actively involved in Syria on the ground in 2012. The GCC attached commandos to SECULAR Syrian rebel groups and REPLACED jihadist rebel groups. By replaced, I mean ""killed."" Trump increased the number of Americans in Syria. They drove around with their flags flying. Also, American special forces suddenly lost their aversion to being filmed. And again. And the British SAS. Once the presence of western special forces was accepted by all, THEN the GCC really started going to work. They're Middle Easterners. They know better how to fight this war than we do. This is NOT what it seems. The cutest little missile you've ever seen. It made a totally FLAT explosion. It INCINERATED the vehicle. Now the truck bomb is just a rolling fireball. The reporter says the missile was an American FGM-148 Javelin. But that missile hasn't been fired yet. The end cap is still on the launcher. Also, the Javelin is very large. So: Beginning in 2012, the GCC began replacing jihadists with their own men. They attached commandos to secular rebel groups. And Trump provided cover for the GCC to bring in large fleets of armored vehicles, including secret weapons never filmed in action. It sure looks like the end is rapidly approaching for the Iranian mullahs and Hezbollah..."
" Actually, there's an answer to that. All you have to do is look at the YPG YouTube channel. They're not fighting Turkey anymore. Why not? Because they kicked Turkey's ass. Kurdish politics are INCREDIBLY hard for non-Kurds to understand. There's no Kurdish desire for an independent Kurdistan. Kurds are loyal to political parties only. The Iraqi Kurds fought a civil war for two years. You've heard the term ""peshmerga""? There are three: one for the Kurdistan Regional Government, one for the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan, and one for the Kurdistan Democratic Party. The Syrian Kurds threatened to fire on Iraqi Kurds who entered Syrian to help them. This is because the Iraqi Kurds had a political agenda. The Syrian, Iraqi, Turkish, and Iranian Kurds are all loyal to different political parties that are not willing to give up power. So an independent Kurdistan is not in the cards. The Turks leaned to their absolute horror that they can't fight. Their Leopard II main battle tanks blew up like trick cigars. This is three tanks saying bye-bye. The SOUNDS tell me that the missile is a Russian 9M113 Konkurs, but it's been fitted with the most powerful warhead in the world. Tanks aren't atomized by regulars antitank guided missiles. The Turks misuse their tanks. They park them in the rear and use them as artillery. This makes the tanks vulnerable to infiltrators with missiles. A tank needs to move, and it needs to be protected by infantry. Erdogan is a blowhard. Despite his threats, he's terrified of casualties. This makes him timid, which actually INCREASES his casualties. Iraq was full of foreign advisors. NONE of them wore body armor, and most were unarmed. All were Muslims, so I'm sure they simply put their fate in the hands of God and did their jobs. They wore no armor and were unarmed in order to give the Iraqis the visual upper hand. Presentation is very important in the Middle East. But these were all professional commandos. Their BRAINS are their most potent weapons. Turkey didn't actually gain anything, and the Syrian Kurds didn't actually lose anything. Erdogan said he was going to Manbij to administer the ""Ottoman slap"" to the Americans. It didn't happen. He didn't want to lose ALL his tanks. The Turks also stopped their air strikes. They got a message: ""Keep the planes grounded. That's a good boy."" The reality is that Turkey is much weaker than most people know. Turkish intelligence--the MIT--poses the greatest thread by funding, training, and arming terrorists. BUT. Some of these men in Syria are MIT. They're wearing button-up shirts and ties under their body armor. A better shot. At least two are MIT. Guess what happened to them? Turkey supports terrorism. For now. They'll stop. Eventually..."
" No leaks. ""U.S. Central Command officials announced today that U.S. forces have conducted multiple ground operations and more than 120 strikes this year..."" ""To remove key leaders and disrupt the ability of al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula and ISIS-Yemen to use ungoverned spaces in Yemen as a hub for terrorist recruiting, training, and base of operations to export terror worldwide."" Multiple ground operations and 120 air strikes. Not a peep about these actions leaked. And even bigger news. ""A notable development is the meeting between Abu Dhabi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Zayed (MBZ) and leaders of Islah, Yemen's Muslim Brotherhood party, in Riyadh on December 12."" ""Also important was the statement by UAE's minister of state for foreign affairs the following day indicating the UAE would work with Islah to promote regional stability."" This means that the Muslim Brotherhood--like Hamas--has been defeated. The article is about the cave-dwelling, leaf-chewing Houthis. ""Houthis belong to the Jaroudi sect, an offshoot of the dynamic and diverse Zaydi Islam. While Zaydism encourages scholarship and individual's freedom of interpretation, Jarudism believes in the strict right of Prophet Mohammed's descendants to rule."" ""The Houthis' public discourse heavily preaches the superiority and right of ahl al-beit ('people of the house,' another term for the Prophet’s descendants), to rule."" ""Al-wathiqah al-fikriyya, or ""the ideological document"", which guides the Houthi movement, states the exceptionalism of ahl al-beit over other Muslims and says that descendants of the Prophet will guide the Ummah (nation) and rule over it."" Therefore we see that the Houthi movement is a threat to the entire Muslim world. These cave dwellers say that they have a divine right to rule ALL MUSLIMS. And here we see how the Saudis defeated the Houthis: Like the Houthis, former dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh was from the northern political elites. Houthis and Saleh shared a belief they they have a divine right to rule. Saleh's political party was the General People's Congress (GPC), which paid lip service to the notion that Yemenis should choose their own leaders. ""By killing Saleh, the Houthis lost the political cover that GPC offered them and isolated themselves even more in the region."" ""Also, Saleh's death seems to have pushed the Saudi-led coalition to resolve some of their differences that delayed the progress of their ground operations."" Don't kid yourselves. This was all planned. The Houthis and Saleh was manipulated into turning against each other. Saleh was a brutal dictator. He didn't turn against the Houthis out of a sudden love for his people, as he claimed. Also, the two ground offensives were VERY carefully planned. The Saudi-led forces smashed through the VERY heavy Houthis defenses in about 24 hours. That didn't happen AS A REACTION to Saleh's death. Also, the war in Yemen was NOT a stalemate. It was a holding action. The Saudis were waiting until the time was right. So Saleh turns on the Houthis on December 2 and is killed on December 4. Trump recognizes Jerusalem December 6. The world goes crazy. And the Saudi-led Coalition launches two ground offensives on December 10. The Saudi led Coalition demolishes the Houthi defenses and kills 11,000 Houthis. The OFFICIAL story is that the allies in the coalition were ""squabbling"" and then launched the ground offensives out of desperation after Saleh was killed. Nope. Everyone was manipulated. Trump made his announcement when our allies asked him to. ""Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt.” --Sun Tzu, The Art of War You don't put together two stunning SIMULTANEOUS ground offensives in six days, comprised of squabbling allies. Strategic deception. Hapless LOSER hates Trump. He failed totally at his job. Trump is helping our allies clean up the Middle East. Obama made the problems worse. All sane people fall on one side, while hate-filled mental patients fall on the other. The soundtrack of and his boss. "
" makes a point that allows me to finally come clean. I always opposed BOTH sides in the American ""Islam debate."" The term ""Islamophobia"" was created in order to silence critics. BUT. Too many of the critics are lunatics. Here was my own viewpoint until August of 2015. The majority of Muslims just want to live in peace, but ISLAMISTS--believers of political Islam--would make peace impossible for the foreseeable future. The reason I never took part in the American Islam Debate is that I thought it was pointless. The entire debate was based on emotion, and the main players on both sides had dishonest agendas. I've known lots of Muslims. We never discussed the Great Islam Debate. I knew that Islam would never take over the US, but I knew that Islamists would make a serious attempt to do so. The terms of the debate were always confrontational. So to me, the debate was pointless. On August 4, 2015, I saw this video. It led me to do a full year of research, and I concluded that the Arabs and Israelis had created an alliance. To me, this meant that ALL the problems would be solved. I wrote a piece about 2015. I knew that the Arab-Israeli problem had been solved, the Sunni-Shia problem had been solved, and the Turkish-Kurd problem had been solved. It would take MOPPING UP, but the wars are already won. After August of 2015, I TRUSTED Muslims to work out how they would adapt to the 21st century. Their solution is to adapt without having a big parade and holding up signs. You know what it comes down to? Oprah Winfrey. ""I'll never be fat again!"" she said. Many, many, many times. She's ENORMOUS. Americans LOVE failure and redemption, so we LOVE billboards and promises. ""Everything has changed! Forever!"" And then what happens? This is JUVENILE. We wanted Muslims to be JUVENILE. They refused. The Stealth Reformation already took place. Muslims proved ALL their detractors wrong. This was a problem that seemed to have no solution. And yet a brilliant solution was found. Mohammed bin Salman said that Saudis just want a ""normal country that contributes."" That's where the whole REGION is headed. Weapons never lie. If you can identify weapons, you can identify both the user and the user's motivations. Not a single person in the Great American Islam Debate talked about weapons. I identified the weapons on my own. The weapons convinced me that all will be well. I'm 100 positive that I'm right..."
" asks, ""Who knows?"" The answer is, ""I know."" And in a moment, YOU'LL know. Guns haven't suddenly become more easily accessible. What has happened that is causing the murder rate to go up? In the case of mass shootings, the answer is that the US refuses to do anything about the dangerously mentally ill. ""'The system broke down,' said Gordon Weekes, one of Broward County's chief assistant public defenders. 'It did not catch the red flags.'"" There actually IS NO SYSTEM THAT CAN BREAK DOWN, so this ritualized self-flagellating is a waste of time. Mass shooting will continue until we change the laws drastically. Period. Now: What about murder in general? For THAT answer, we go to our most repulsive member of Congress . Lieu shows us what the Obama administration did to cause the murder rate to go up. Here's Lieu's bill. Lieu is trying to abolish money bail. Money bail is racist. Why? Because the poor can't afford bail, and most poor people are black. Money bail is unfair. It's ""white privilege."" During the Obama administration, the federal government pressured the judicial system to not hold black offenders. The rationale is that they're poor and can't afford money bail. It's ""social justice"" to not hold black offenders. Most REPEAT OFFENDERS are black. And THAT is the answer. It became impossible to hold repeat offenders. So they went out and committed murder, knowing that they wouldn't be held. They couldn't even be held for failure to appear. For eight years, we had the most violent criminals in the country running free. New Jersey abolished money bail. GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? THIS IS SO EASY TO SEE. But I'm the only person who's made the connection. Most murders are crime-related or domestic violence. So when you release repeat offenders, they go hog-wild. The DC chief of police resigned over the inability to hold repeat offenders. ""Lanier has previously expressed frustration with the criminal justice system and said it allows for repeat offenders to be released."" She said that the cops were arresting the same person five times a day. BUT. ""Both D.C.'s top judge and top prosecutor disagreed with Lanier's criticism."" See? Holding repeat offenders is racist. Here's the final piece of the puzzle. Large cities run by Democrats account for the rise in murder rates. Because these cities have become free-fire zones for criminals. A ""free-fire zone"" is where there are no restrictions on who you can fire at. Now, I'm just a guy on Twitter, but I solved the ""mystery"" of why the murder rate is going up. It has NOTHING TO DO WITH GUNS. The murder rate is going up because Americans refuse to deal with the dangerously mentally ill AND repeat offenders, most of whom are black. If you detain both the dangerously mentally ill and repeat offenders, the murder rate plummets..."
" What's happening now has never happened before. Somebody says they were assaulted, and then a radical leftist makes a self-serving statement of outrage or how ""proud"" they are of the victim. THEN someone says, ""That outraged/proud guy did it to me."" This has literally never happened. AND it's devastating to the industry. Remember how molestation became the main topic in the 1980s? The entire concept lost its impact, didn't it? I blame Oprah. What's happening NOW is completely different. The people coming out are TOUGH AS NAILS. The reason the accusations against Trump didn't stick is because they were Old School Oprah. Summer Zervos looks like she's taking a nap. Everything was ritualized. Made no impact at all, AND the women were simply not believable. Finally Gloria got some woman who'd spent thousands on plastic surgery, and came out in a slinky long-sleeved mini-skirted dress. She was careful to smooth the cloth over her butt when she sat. She said Trump walked up to her on the street and honked her hooters. Just out of the blue. He didn't know her, and she didn't know him. And he didn't say anything to her. Pure insanity. The accusers talking about actors are telling completely different, MUCH more plausible stories. Trump's accusers got more and more IMPLAUSIBLE. By the way, where's the tape of Trump spewing racial epithets? Remember how THAT was going to be dropped AT ANY DAY? In the end, when it comes to cases without solid evidence, we all have to make up our own minds. The reason I didn't believe Trump's accusers was that the accusations were presented as ritualized performances, complete with taking time out for a nap. Also, these actors are ADMITTING that they did it. Trump vehemently denied it. You know what's really risky, if you're lying? A vehement denial. If you flatly deny accusations like this and call the accuser a liar, and then he or she produces EVIDENCE, you're done. Remember the Bob Barker case? He was accused of sexual harassment. He immediately gave a press conference and denied everything, saying that he was 100 percent innocent of the accusations. And that was the end of it all. When Trump said, ""These are fabrications,"" and nobody came forward with any evidence showing that he was the sort of man who assaulted women, I believed him. He had to have been absolutely certain that there was nothing anyone could use against him. He COMMITTED himself to his version of events. Without equivocation. So that convinced me that he was telling the truth..."
" Here's what's happening: Fake ""conservative"" accounts are pushing an apparent global conspiracy theory about the mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. Do you see the upper right corner of that screen grab? Blocked. I'm not the guy for you to come to with conspiracy theories. I HATE conspiracy theorists. You're making everything worse. The REAL conspiracy theorists have opened the door to the FAKE conspiracy theorists who are making Trump supporters look like demented troglodytes. Here's what we have NOW, due to the general public adopting irrationality as the new normal: Semiautomatic rifles make a person invincible. The victims themselves don't want to be saved if the assailant has an AR-15. We now have ""Thought Leaders."" This is all INSANE. It began with conspiracy theories. Too many Americans are now permanently irrational. I can't change that. BUT. I can tell all you irrational people to not include me in your orgies of irrationality. Watch me do it: ATTENTION CONSPIRACY THEORISTS: I will instantly block you for attempting to include me in your orgies of irrationality. Here's a line from the movie ""Strangers on a Train."" ""Somebody I hope you learn that it's not always necessary to say what you're thinking."" A guy I blocked earlier said--before I blocked him--""I guess we're not allowed to ask that question."" CORRECT! NOW you're getting it! You're not allowed to ask ME certain questions. Why not? Because I can TELL when you're not asking in good faith. Let me give you an example: ""You don't think that one kid pulled off that shooting by himself, do you?"" THAT is not asked in good faith. There was nothing to ""pull off."" The shooter had multiple loaded rifle magazines. He killed 17 people and wounded 14, for a total of 31. Given the rifle and the amount of ammunition, the toll could have been five times as high. The mass murderer was allowed to fire on unarmed people for six minutes, while armed police stood outside and did nothing. Then the murderer escaped. When arrested, the murderer immediately confessed. I didn't think this until last night, but it's clear now that even the VICTIMS of these atrocities are now exploiting them for personal gain. There was no gunman in ""full metal body armor,"" whatever the hell that is, and the cops could easily have stopped the shooting. Everyone has gotten used to lying for political gain. This op-ed is a lie. This radiologist is contributing to the ""AR-15 is Satan's Lightning"" narrative. This is a lie: ""No consensus may exist on many questions of gun control, but there seems to be broad support for removing high-velocity, lethal weaponry and high-capacity magazines from the market, which would drastically reduce the incidence of mass murders."" Almost all mass shootings are carried out with the same low-velocity pistols that the radiologist is talking about. Americans have gotten used to idées fixes and irrationality. That's fine. Lie and be irrational all you want. But don't approach ME. I don't distinguish between people who hate ""false flags"" and those who hate the AR-15. Don't talk to me about either obsession. Take it or leave it..."
" That information is factually incorrect. At the time, Salman bin Sultan was a member of the National Security Council. He had no authority to give orders to anyone. There was no discernible damage done to the airport. The video shows rebels firing over a river, striking a mosque with a white minaret. They say it's the airport. It isn't. All fake. No question about it..."
" Here's a theory: the Flypaper Strategy. It started with this. That resulted in the new ""axis of resistance."" The ""axis of resistance"" is moving toward the Golan Heights. So what's Israel doing? Fortifying the border? Exactly the opposite. Israel is REMOVING defensive fortifications. The demining project is clearing MASSIVE areas VERY quickly. ""According to [Deputy Defense Minister Eli] Ben-Dahan, since then the authority has cleared some 700 hectares of minefields and other areas suspected of being mined."" The Israeli Mine Action Authority (INMAA) was created in 2011 and has been operating without publicity since then. They're clearing the Golan Heights of all minefields. WHY? My theory is that Israel is clearing a path for the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) to race into the Golan Heights and dispose of the ""axis of resistance."" In Yemen, the Saudi-led Coalition and its Yemeni allies are rolling up the Houthi defenses as if they don't exist. The defenses are identical to the ones in the Golan Heights: minefields, fighting posts, antitank posts, bunkers, and artillery. From what I can tell, commandos infiltrate on foot and kill the men operating the most dangerous crew-served weapons. Then the tanks and other armored vehicles move in. The GCC uses fast, self-propelled artillery that travels with the main assault columns. The US dropped 500 Arab commandos behind enemy lines in northern Syria. These men were uniformed as the Kurdish YPG. The attack was 100 percent successful. A heavily fortified, booby trapped dam was taken. My guess is that GCC and allied commandos will appear BEHIND the ""axis of resistance."" They may already be there. And now that Israel has cleared the way out of Israel by removing minefields, the GCC ground assault will be as fast and brutal as the ones on Yemen. Trump, Israel, and the Saudis used the ""Flypaper Strategy."" By recognizing Jerusalem, Trump attracted all the flies to the Golan Heights. There, they will be ""delivered into the annihilation that is their God,"" to quote Carl Stephenson in ""Leiningen Versus the Ants."" I highly recommend you read it. The story is about performing miracles against a seemingly unbeatable enemy... ADDENDUM: A tank used in one of the GCC-Yemeni ground offensives. This unidentified tank has the lowest profile I've ever seen. It's a FLAT tank. Compare it to the American M1 Abrams. This is the main gun of the tank. One concept for a tank is to have an automated turret. No humans in the turret. A driver, a gunner, and a commander sit in the hull. The gun is automatically reloaded. The PURPOSE is to lower the profile. A flat tank is very hard to hit. It's very unusual to see a completely covered tank. They don't want you to know what it looks like..."
" WOWEE! This is INCREDIBLE. Just to refresh your memory: Saad al-Hariri resigned as Lebanese prime minister, citing an assassination threat. ONLY Hezbollah would want him dead. That's just fact. Hariri's resignation was a surprise and a shock. So was his return to Lebanon. Now he says THIS: ""As we have previously announced on several occasions, we will not accept Hezbollah's positions that affect our Arab brothers or target the security and stability of their countries."" Hariri's position is that Lebanon must remain NEUTRAL in any regional conflicts. Neither pro-Saudi nor pro-Iran. Hariri FLED Lebanon and then returned and is now making completely unambiguous, forceful statements against Hezbollah. Let's add up a few things: The US is donating advanced military technology to the Lebanese army. And the Super Tucano. The US weapons come with no strings attached. We agree with the Lebanese that they must be neutral. Here's what Prime Minister Hariri said to the Islamic Council: ""Your mission is to rationalise the religious discourse and educate the citizens to prevent the exploitation of some religious platforms for political objectives against the interests of Lebanon and the Lebanese."" THEN Hariri said something VERY interesting: ""You have shown during the crisis that has passed that you are keen on national unity and preventing any division or sedition among the Lebanese."" The crisis has PASSED? It's over? I think it is. Hariri would not have returned to Lebanon if his life were in danger. The way the Saudis get people to accept help is by respecting THAT nation's right to self-determination. The Lebanese want to remain neutral. Fine. The Iraqis want good relations with Iran. Fine. The Saudis helped the Iraqis become FREE to choose how much Iran influences Iraq. It took some SERIOUS killing. This is how everything is working: NOBODY says to the Lebanese or Iraqis, ""You must approve this action that may boomerang on you."" THAT would put people in an untenable position. What happens is that a Saudi ASKS what the country wants. And then actions are taken by SOMEONE. But no Iraqi or Lebanese is asked to take personal responsibility. This protects the Iraqis and Lebanese. In Iraq and Lebanon, only a handful of people know what's actually happening. THOSE people have the authority to stop everything at any time. It's THEIR country, so they're kept informed. This is a one-time deal. THE PROBLEMS WILL BE SOLVED. Remember Sun Tzu: ""All war is deception."" The Saudis decided in around 2003 that deception would be their main weapon. They did this because the only way the problems can solved is if everything is kept secret. So we have THOUSANDS of strategic special forces fighting in secret, disguised as EVERYBODY. We're told that this man is an American Green Beret. Do you believe that? I don't. He's a Saudi. LOOK AT HIM! The US dropped 500 of THESE guys behind Islamic State lines in Syria. They're UNIFORMED as the Kurdish YPG, but they're Muslim commandos. ""Why would the Saudis help with no strings attached?"" For lots and lots and lots of reasons. The reason that matters most to the world is that strong, successful, NEUTRAL countries don't require upkeep or surveillance. We don't have our binoculars trained on the Swiss. When a country becomes neutral, you don't have to worry about them. Iran offers enslavement. The Saudis offer freedom. Hezbollah may already be defeated. Hariri sure SOUNDS like he thinks Hezbollah is no longer a giant threat. And Trump is giving the Lebanese advanced weaponry. ""All war is deception."" We have NO IDEA what the Saudis are doing in secret..."
" Okay, Democrats. You're about to be tested. My guess is you'll fail. Hundreds of rounds fired. All traffic at McCarran International Airport stopped. If this is a terrorist attack, I strongly advise you to not politicize it. There has to be an end to your madness. Make it THIS."
" North Korea. Trump saying ""dreadful things"" about it. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly was mortified. A lie, of course. Trump spoke at 10:30 am. Kelly's watch says 10:20 am. At the UN, some animals are more equal than others. This got CHEERED. Here's the best description I've ever heard of the UN: ""A bunch of Third World cretins just happy to be in a building that has running water."" UN diplomats and staffers all have immunity, so they break every law they can in New York. This is Washington DC, but you get the picture. Turkish embassy staffers attacking AMERICAN CITIZENS, because the American insulted Turkey's precious leader. The Turks all have diplomatic immunity, so nothing can be done. Personally, if I were a cop, I'd crack their heads open. ""How was I to know that he had diplomatic immunity? He wasn't wearing a sign."" At any rate, the world is upset over Trump's WORDS. North Korea's ACTIONS don't seem to matter. IF--and that's a BIG if--the US takes military action against North Korea, we won't lay waste to the country. North Korea makes its living by extorting the world. The leaders live in palaces. North Korea also engages in money laundering, narcotics and weapons running, and helping state sponsors of terrorism. The world has done NOTHING ABOUT IT since 1953. So I don't CARE that the world is offended by Trump's WORDS. If necessary, the US and its allies will take care of the problem. One way or another. And it'll be a GREAT DAY. Well, that's what I get for relying on the mainstream press. Trump ACTUALLY began his speech at 10:04 am. Kelly's watch reads 10:21 am. Here's what Trump was saying at the time. I see no connection between Kelly's posture and Trump's words. Here are Tillerson and Haley as Trump said ""totally destroy North Korea."" Lesson learned. Never rely on ANYTHING from the mainstream press."
" Behold the stupidest, most histrionic news article you'll ever read. Recall the fake letter. There's no threat here. No crime was committed. But the cops spring into action! ""Whitehall police Chief Michael Marks said he has never seen a letter so offensive in his 20 years in police work."" He's LYING. ""Shaken staff members have been taking extra security precautions since early this week."" NO THREAT WAS MADE. This is so utterly bogus. “It’s gone too far — this hatred. Now you’re targeting a day care center?” No. Lexi is. This is FAKE. ""He said there have been no similar incidents reported in the township."" FASCINATING! It happened only where THIS girl works. ""McKelley choked up recounting the experience."" LAY IT ON WITH A TROWEL! ""This is what I call invisible violence."" THERE WE GO. Words are violence, which means leftists can assault everyone who disagrees. Whitehall, you are OFFICIALLY PATHETIC. This is kabuki, intended to make everyone feel sorry for you. I get ACTUAL DEATH THREATS. Did my city have a meeting over this? No. Did I choke up? No. Did I blame Obama? No. I'm deeply embarrassed for everyone in Whitehall. I hope you NEVER HAVE A REAL CRISIS. Come live where I live. We have decapitations and dismemberment now. Why? Because Jerry Brown is emptying the prisons. California reclassified crimes. Behold our ""nonviolent crimes."" Involuntary manslaughter, vehicular manslaughter while intoxicated, killing or injuring a police officer while resisting arrest. Participating in a lynching, using arson or explosives to terrorize a health facility or church, elder abuse. It must be NICE, Whitehall, to live in such a safe community that a NON-THREATENING LETTER makes you all lose your grip. Come experience the savage jungle of California for a while. You'll THANK GOD that your worst criminal problem is FAKE LETTERS. ADDENDUM: Let me do Whitehall's police work for them: The letter has MICRODOTS that will give you the serial number of the printer. My guess is you'll come up with...NOBODY. Just one of those AWFUL Trump supporters out there in the night, raving about skin color. Sane Americans aren't going to let these assaults go unanswered. See you at the polls in 2018 and 2020. ADDENDUM TWO: Lexi is now hiding. Here's the article to which she linked. This is a deeply troubled young woman. "
" Dear : This is just PATHETIC. My mother was Mexican. Here she is with me. Of the five children she bore, only one is olive skinned. My brother Paul. The rest of us are blond or redheaded, with pink Teutonic skin. I spent ten years in Hollywood as a music journalist. You think you have it hard? Try being half-Mexican in a milieu comprised entirely of people who hate Mexicans. See, when people can't SEE your non-Europoidal roots, THAT'S when they REALLY unload. But guess who survived without having to write a blubbering piece about how crushed I was? Are you a fragile flower who must be protected from A SENTENCE, or are you an adult who understands that Charles is from another era? If my mother were still alive, she'd laugh at you. Try being a Mexican in the US in the late 1940s and early 1950s. When Mom went to Iowa to meet her upcoming in-laws, they...spoke...to...her...like....this. Mom had a master's degree in education. Did she leap to her feet and shout, ""¡Racismo! ¡Discriminación!"" Or did she understand that these Mid-westerners have never met a Mexican before, so they didn't know how to act? My mother taught me to never take offense when none is intended. People like YOU make everything WORSE. Honestly, if ONE SENTENCE from Charles can ruin your life, you need to be institutionalized. I also lived in Tokyo for five years, where they had signs that said, ""Foreigners not served here."" The Japanese are EASILY the most racist people on earth. BUT. It didn't kill me. In fact it didn't even bother me. I always found little out-of-the-way places where the working-class proprietors were glad to see me and appreciated my fluency in Japanese. They were NICE PEOPLE who made up for the others. My mother gave her first piano recital at the age of four. She's was nobody's victim. When WE went to London in 1974, people had no idea what to make of us. Here was this beautiful olive-skinned lady with two blondes, two redheads, and a kid who looked black. Londoners asked Mom if she was our maid. Here's our Venezuelan maid Delia, holding me. Mom LOVED the British. When they asked if she was our maid, she'd double over and laugh until she was crying. ""I'm these little Aryans' MOTHER!"" she'd shout, and then the Brits laughed too. THEN, when everyone was laughing, they'd say, ""But what about the black one?"" And Mom would say, ""We don't talk about him."" My Mexican mother had a massive intellect, a massive sense of the absurd, and a massive heart. She did NOT take offense when none was intended. It was a better world when I was a young man. People were less petty, less fragile, less belligerent, and less apt to carry a grudge. The reason why I would NEVER go back to the UK is people like you. I have no interest in seeing how far a one-great culture has fallen... ADDENDUM: My great-grandmother--a German immigrant--holding my olive-skinned brother Paul. ""Vill he alvays be this dark?"" she asked. She was born in 1878. My Mexican mother said, ""No. He'll get much, MUCH darker."" And the old lady LAUGHED..."
" All right. Let's get into it. I'll show you what I'm talking about. You'll be sorry, but this is the only way to make this stop happening. I was born in Venezuela. My father worked for Creole, a subsidiary of Esso. Venezuela is a lawless country. When I was growing up, Marxist terrorists carried out attacks on the oil infrastructure. Fidel Castro trained terrorists to blow up pipelines that were above the ground. They used shaped charges to cut through the steel. When the explosive made a hole in the pipe, the oil would pour out and catch fire. The way to prevent the entire pipeline from going up is to increase the flow of oil. It carries the heat away. So one Sunday, the family was out for a drive, and my father got a call on his radio that terrorists had blown a hole in a pipeline. We had to rush to the area so that my father could find the hole and call in directions for increasing the flow of oil. We drove to the pipeline, and my father got out of the car and ran into the woods. I had no idea what was going on. I was four, so none of this made sense. There were five kids in the car, ages six to 18 months. Mom had her hands full. We were all screaming and crying. In the confusion, I got out of the car and ran after my father. Mom didn't see me go. My father had a customized Browning Automatic Rifle (BAR). He shortened it, put a pistol grip on the front, and had 30-round magazines made in the Creole shop. When I got to the hole in the pipe, there were flames roaring into the sky. My father had his rifle and his radio, and he was shouting instructions in Spanish. Venezuelan peasants were called campesinos. They were surrounding my father, hysterical because they could hear him telling someone to increase the flow of oil. They didn't understand that this was the only way to keep the pipe from exploding. The campesinos all had machetes. They were yelling at my father to turn off the oil, because the flames were approaching their crops and huts. My father finally dropped the radio and fired into the air, but the campesinos didn't back off. They started moving in, and then the heads of three of them exploded. Their brains and eyeballs and teeth flew into my face. The Venezuelan National Guard had showed up, and they immediately opened fire. They killed about ten campesinos. I had blood, brains, eyeballs, and teeth all over me. The National Guardsmen used their canteens to wash me off. When we got back to the car, my father took off all my clothes and wrapped me up in a towel. I came from a family where you just toughed it out, so I did. That's just ONE experience. I didn't leave Venezuela until 1972. These Q stories are for morons. Try having brains and eyeballs and teeth all over you. In your mouth and in your ear holes. Blown up teeth smell like halitosis, so bad breath made me projectile vomit until I was in my thirties. The inside of human bodies stink, so when the bodies are exploded, the stink gets all over you. Fifty-one years later, I can still smell and taste blown-up Venezuelan heads. So I can't sympathize with your fears. You're indulging yourselves. Leave me out of it..."
" makes a great point. The M3 is made of stamped metal. It's much cheaper to produce than the Thompson submachine gun. The Thompson was designed for trench warfare, so originally it had no rifle stock. But such a weapon is impossible to control if you're aiming at someone who is more than a few feet away. So it needed a rifle stock. You put the stock on your shoulder and aim it like a rifle. The M3 has a wire stock. This weapon is REALLY hard to use. It's not very accurate at all. The US Army tried multiple ways to make it useful. Here's a device that allows the M3 to shoot around corners. Note that the gunner has to wear a heat-proof glove on his left hand. This photo of Iranian troops is noteworthy for two reasons: One, they're wearing snipers' ghillie suits. The M3 is a weapon for close combat. A sniper suit would hinder you in close combat. And two, the men don't know how to hold the weapons. One man has his finger on the trigger. So this means that the mullahs are afraid of the army. The army isn't given real weapons and equipment. Look on the side, to the left. Men of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps are watching closely. Iran is RIPE for revolution. All it would take is to break into the IRGC's communications systems and give them bogus orders. You could make the IRGC and Basij turn against each other, and then the people and the army would take the country. It could be done in one day. One photo tells us so much about Iran. The LAST revolution is coming. I promise..."
" Time for a story that proves the existence of God. Or maybe not. At any rate, it was a test of character. I began studying flamethrowers of World War One when I was seven. Who knew that someday I'd be the planet's only expert on them? Actually, I sort of...DID. There was an inevitability to it. Everything I learned seemed preordained. I had no plans to publish books on them, because the market for such books can fit in my house. They market for such books could sit at my dinner table. With a couple of chairs empty. I just wanted to collect the information and then donate it to a museum. But at some point, a man named Bob contacted me. His father Georg served in the German flamethrower regiment of World War One. Bob wanted to write a book about it. Bob was witty and interesting. Eventually I agreed that I'd co-write a book with him. He'd do the text, and I'd collect the photos and illustrations. I also did drawings of these weapons. The drawings were based on photos. I had to look at 10 or 20 images just to get one view right. So Bob and I signed a publishing contract, which gave us a year. Over that year, Bob produced...nothing. He didn't write a single paragraph. I'm a very private person. By signing the contract, I gave Bob access to my phone number. He began calling daily. Bob sounded like an excited chicken, and he pronounced all German words the way they're pronounced here. Every frigging day I got a phone call from a German chicken that had tricked me into being in its life. I knew what was going to happen, so I tricked Bob the German chicken into sending me copies of primary sources that he refused to share with others. Then it was just a matter of finishing my end of the deal and waiting. During that year, Bob revealed himself as a Holocaust denier and almost certainly a Neo-Nazi. He also made a claim that I hadn't heard before: Holocaust deniers used to be content with saying that the Nazis hadn't killed 6 million Jewish people. Well, guess what they say NOW? The US killed 3 million German prisoners of war. In death camps. So not only were Germans innocent, WE actually committed a massive war crime against THEM. Bob's uncle had survived the American death camps. Guess where Bob's uncle lived? In the US, of course. He was a naturalized American citizen. I know if I'd survived a Russian death camp, the first place I'd move would be Russia. Makes total sense, doesn't it? The inevitable happened: The deadline for the book passed, and Bob had nothing, so I cut off all contact with him and submitted my own manuscript without telling him. The book was published, and I was online lurking when Bob discovered that fact. He went insane. I didn't expect him to do what he did: He accused me of stealing HIS research. And everyone believed him! So I was blackballed. Fast forward a couple of years. I bought a magnificent postcard on eBay. A German flamethrower platoon headed off to battle. This thing should've attracted ALL the Great Whites of postcard collecting, but I was the only bidder. AND it arrived here safely. So I took out my jeweler's loupe and read the signs on the vehicle. The same company and platoon as Bob's father. I snicked: That bastard would give his right arm for this photo, but it's MINE! Then I looked at the faces. This is Bob's father Georg. Bob had sent me a photo of his father. Same guy. The lips, ears, and eye sockets are identical. Also, Georg never wore a steel helmet. AND. Georg was so severely wounded on December 28, 1916, on the Dead Man in Verdun, that he was declared unfit for flamethrower duty and became a hand-grenade thrower. Georg's unit saw no action from the summer until December 28. Georg is riding in the front vehicle, with the flamethrower operators. The hand-grenade throwers are in the rear vehicle. It's a wagon. Therefore the photo was taken on December 28, 1916. The day Georg was almost killed. Now, I HATED Bob. He screwed me eight ways to Sunday. But I sent him an e-mail telling him what I'd found. I asked him if he wanted a high-resolution scan. He said he was stunned, and he accepted. So I sent him the scan, and he thanked me. We never spoke again. I had to do it. This was the guy's FATHER. So I think I passed the test, if that's what it was. What are the odds that I RANDOMLY found that postcard...?"
" The Manafort indictment refers to Company A and Company B. Paragraphs 20 to 26. Company A and Company B are accused of shielding Manafort's lobbying and attempts to influence President Obama in 2012. Manafort is accused of being an unregistered agent for foreign lobbying. Paragraph 20 of the indictment. Paragraph 21. Paragraph 22. Paragraph 23. Paragraph 24. Paragraph 25. Paragraph 26. The Podesta Group concealed its lobbying efforts on behalf of the Ukraine. So it's almost certain that the Podesta Group contains Company A and Company B. Tony Podesta's resignation would seem to confirm that. AND he was lobbying Democrats and the President Obama. This may be the beginning of multiple charges filed against...Democrats. ADDENDUM: And there we go. "
" Let's teach you folks how to be properly socialized adults. Now, I myself HATE anime. You find that unacceptable. Okay. I therefore DEMAND that you love the camouflage schemes of the Austro-Hungarian Air Force. Since I love them, you must love them too, right? WHAT?! You don't love them? That is not ALLOWED. I love them, so YOU MUST LOVE THEM TOO. Did you know that Godwin Brumowski's Albatros actually had ochre swirls over the red? Isn't that FASCINATING? Here's where it gets REALLY exciting: the Hansa-Brandenburg C.I. See this color scheme? Green and ochre. GUESS WHAT? Totally wrong. See, there was ONE such aircraft left, and when they restored it, they found that the clear varnish had yellowed so badly that it change the colors. The real colors were dark and light GRAY. What I'm hoping to find is a night bomber. They were spray painted in two shades of blue, and then black whorls were smeared over the whole plane with rags and paint. Well, now you have to love what I love, and if you say you hate it, I'm going to call down hundreds of eunuchs to insult you very personally. Don't I sound completely deranged? You have to love Austro-Hungarian camouflage, or I'm going to bring in others to harass you? The fact that you're even SLIGHTLY perturbed shows that I'm right. I don't give the tiniest hoot what people say about these camouflage schemes. I'm not romantically in love with them. But people are GENUINELY OFFENDED that I would find anime repellent. Well, be offended! Stop reading my tweets. When I see an anime avatar, I know isn't going to be someone adding much to the conversation. Hang out with like-minded people. Move on. Grow up. Tune in, turn on, drop out..."
" asks a question. He's referring to this video, which is described as a hand grenade exploding during a street argument in Yemen. The problem is that this is not a hand-grenade explosion. The Chinese provide us with the most video of accidental hand-grenade explosions. A hand grenade uses high explosive (HE). HE always produces a yellow-orange flash. We often don't see the yellow-orange flash because of the video speed, the frames per second. But in the case of the Yemen explosion, it took place above and behind the man. When we zoom in, we see a small munition come straight down and strike him on the upper back, behind the head. I was able to trace research into fuel-air explosives back to Israel. The chemicals used are as much as ten times more powerful than HE. And they're detonated spontaneously when they touch each other. The munition releases the explosive vapor and the oxidizer in separate emissions. Doing so allows the direction of the blast effect to be controlled. You can make an explosion turn corners or go inward. These weapons were used extensively in Syria. YouTube terminated my account for ""violating community standards. Then they reinstated it. But I made most of my videos private. I'll take a chance and make a video of a ""cold explosion"" public. Hold on a minute. I'll be back as soon as I can. This missile did not kill the soldiers. It blew off their clothes. All right. NOW I have to install more software to download the damn video. I'll be back as soon as I can. So: The pink dot is the beacon that the missile gunner uses to guide the missile. Note that the missile was fired from BEHIND the soldiers, who are Syrian. The missile hits and releases explosive vapor--but it's a flameless explosion. A ""cold explosion."" The butt of the missile goes flying off, and cloud of vapor explodes with just enough power to blow off the men's clothes. These aren't flying body parts. They're clothes and equipment. They took a direct hit from a guided missile and were able to run for cover. And they were shot at FROM BEHIND. New weapon, new tactics, new soldiers. You can control the blast effect of fuel-air explosives. The weapons can kill or just warn..."
" perfectly illustrates the slobbering, savage mob mentality of leftists. Oliver has a podcast. But he doesn't link to it. There's no Oliver the Atheist podcast, but there's Oliver the Atheist Professor on The Big Show. About as funny as a pile of sawdust. But! We have ANOTHER Oliver the Atheist here. Here's Oliver on Twitter. So what does Oliver look at when he's not on Twitter? SURPRISE! Look at Oliver's avatar. SURPRISE! What is that VERY young person's gender? No idea. Dear fake : I'm not a Republican. AND I disagree with most of Roy Moore's social positions. Here's the difference between you and me. I never join mobs. I defend the innocent. I don't lie for political gain. I'm a better person than EVERYBODY attacking Roy Moore. ALL of Roy Moore's attackers do so in bad faith. My ENTIRE time in school--all the way up to my graduation from college--was spent as a target of various mobs. They came out of nowhere. To cope, I drank and took drugs. Roy Moore is exponentially stronger than I am. HE became a champion professional kick boxer in nine months, at the age of 35. THEN he became a cowboy in Australia. So, my stinking friend Oliver, the REALITY is that Roy Moore is better man than both of us. But you and I were given a choice: Join the mob, or defend an innocent man. For me, it wasn't hard at all. ROY MOORE gave me the ammunition. His public record of forty years shows that he's innocent. Roy Moore is a test, I now think. God does NOT arrange for a person to become a victim of the mob. However. When circumstances arise--join the mob or fight back against it--the choice we make goes on our record. I'm no hero. It's just that for ME, doing the right thing is an imperative. Oliver, you are garbage. Your time has come and gone. It's a new world. The Day of the Mob is over. We're now in the mopping-up phase. The last pockets of resistance are being taken out. As someone who was targeted by the mob his entire life, I can't tell you how happy this makes me. You lost, Oliver. Ha."
" Another shit-stirring weirdo. The hotel has no CCTV cameras in the hallways. No hard drive? So what? The reason there's no explanation for having the room wired for a live stream is THAT IT'S NOT TRUE. ""That type always leaves some manifesto."" Christ. Your head has been totally rotted by TV. HERE IS REALITY. The hotel is so effed up that it had to reconstruct the timeline manually. THE HOTEL kept giving the cops different stories. This is an open-and-shut case. As is apparent to anyone who can THINK."
" Someone answer this for me: Why is the ""deep state"" in a panic? You deep-state shouters told us at every step of the way that horrendous things were coming. But you swivel-hipped out of that, didn't you? Well, I'm not going to let you get away with that. You're not allowed to deftly go from ""The end is nigh!"" to ""The end has been utterly thwarted."" All the deep-state shouters must now admit that there IS no deep state. If there WERE a deep state, would Trump be in a position to reveal his predecessor's abuses? No. The deep state would've stopped him. You know who coined the term ""deep state""? This guy. Recep Tayyip Erdoğan uses the term ""deep state"" to rile up his supporters. And Turkey is on a toboggan ride into hell. The Turks have allowed themselves to become easily manipulated. As a result, they're dealing with multiple self-imposed disasters. I've learned that the most valuable skill a person can have is the ability to remain calm. By remaining clam, you GREATLY enhance your ability to succeed. My brother Tim tells me that if you can't diagram something, that means you should ignore it. I can't diagram the ""deep state."" But neither can YOU. The current hysteria is that the deep state will redact the all-important Nunes memo. Hello? Do you not understand that the can't redact ANYTHING without Trump's permission? What you're SAYING is that YOU think Trump is an idiot. I don't agree with you. This is one of the reasons I didn't get on the ""Release the Memo"" bandwagon. I figured that there was a VERY good chance that this isn't what it seems. WHAT is it? I don't know. But I'm not worried. The hysterical people are Rufus T. Firefly. Watch how HE works HIMSELF into a frenzy over...nothing. Just remember: The deep-state shouters told you that we're doomed, and THEN they smoothly switched over to ""The deep state is in a panic!"" None of it is real. Whatever happens is SUPPOSED to happen. Trump is in control. That means all is well..."
" The conventional wisdom is that Hezbollah controls the Lebanese army. What does THIS tell you? ""'The United States remains committed to supporting Lebanon’s sovereignty, stability, security, and its state institutions, to include the Lebanese Armed Forces (LAF) as the professional, multi-confessional and sole legitimate armed forces of the Lebanese state.'"" ""Lieutenant Commander Rebecca Rebarich, a Pentagon spokeswoman, told Reuters in a statement."" ""'Strengthening the U.S.-Lebanon defense relationship is all the more important in light of the continuing threats emanating from Syria, including continued ISIS challenges and Iranian aggression,' Rebarich said."" ""She added that the United States and Lebanon shared a goal of building the Lebanese armed forces’ capacity as 'the sole legitimate defender of Lebanon’s sovereignty.'"" ""Multi-confessional"" means ""tolerant of multiple religions."" Do you think Trump would give Hezbollah access to modern American weaponry? Would Hezbollah announce to the world that it had lost control of the Lebanese military? Secrecy can hide massive capabilities, and it can hide massive weakness. The Gulf Cooperation Council has the sort of advantage that most countries would PAY for: Underestimation. ""It's great to be underestimated."" --Donald John Trump You can do anything if you can convince people to trust you. Are you familiar with the British Special Air Service Regiment (SAS)? They were formed in World War II and are considered likely the best special-operations unit in the world. The SAS has the Killing House, where it conducts live-fire exercises. You can volunteer to play the part of a hostage. They sit you in a chair, and commandos burst through the door and fire 9mm bullets past both sides of your head. Margaret Thatcher did it. Her bodyguard cautioned her to not do it, so she ORDERED HIM TO SIT WITH HER. Thatcher and her bodyguard were put at a table and surrounded by cardboard terrorists. The lights were turned out. After a few minutes of dark silence, the SAS blew down the door and put two bullets in every target. Thatcher's bodyguard hit the floor. Thatcher didn't even flinch. ""Get up, George,"" she said to her bodyguard. ""You're embarrassing me."" Everybody EXPECTS stunning skill from the SAS. They trained the GCC commandos. But people still don't expect stunning skill from the GCC. Give it time. Like Kim Jong-un, the Lebanese army was freed. Not a single military ""analyst"" in the world can see that. Since I trust Trump, I know why he's giving advanced weapons to the Lebanese army. Maybe when I'm an old man who can't type anymore, the Saudis will send an officer to brief me on all the missions they carried out. I'll be waiting..."
" calls himself ""fury and vengeance."" He's very confused. He thinks the wealthy surfer, filmmaker, and entrepreneur has no future. David lives in Florida but goes surfing in California. How does he get there? Does ride the rails, like a hobo in the Great Depression? calls everyone who disagrees with him ""Nazis."" Nazis were socialists. Finally, Patrick the Fury and Vengeance says that Trump is responsible for the everything that happened for three decades before Trump became president. Patrick is another Orwellian nightmare. This is a direct quote: Trump is the ""most cartoonish super-villain in history."" These people are certifiable, OR they know nothing. Read about Caligula, Nero, Genghis Khan, Uday Hussein, Kim Jong-un. The Roman emperor Tiberius had small boys delivered to him. He called them his ""minnows,"" because they serviced him in his giant bath. When Tiberius got bored with his minnows, he threw them over a 1000-foot cliff. Doesn't that qualify as being a rad more villainous than Trump? Patrick is proving once again that to leftists, the ONLY crime is the ""crime"" of dissent. Stealthy Geek, hatred stunts your skills as an artist. You won't get anywhere as a writer if you hate people simply for existing. And you also won't get anywhere with you utterly demented worldview. What's happening in the country today is not trump's fault. It's the fault of PARENTS and leftist governance. Try to think more clearly. You'll be happier... ADDENDUM: Surprise! So much for ""fury and vengeance."" "
" You're not following me. I went there to vote, and they had no record of me ever voting in the state. I've voted here since 1991. In place of MY name, they had my brother's name. He lives in Sweden and has never voted in California. I tried for six months to re-register. They'd put me on hold for an hour and then hang up. So I am FINISHED. I no longer CARE About California. They prevented me from voting in 2016. California is North Korea. I hate the state with a passion. So I'm leaving..."
" Here's what happens when you don't fact check. BOMBSHELL! ""McMaster brought along NSC Senior Director on Counter-Terrorism Mustafa Javed Ali."" Who is Mustafa Javed Ali? Let's ask THIS guy. PJ Media confirmed that McMaster brought along Mustaf Javed Ali, NSC Senior Director on Counter-Terrorism. ""What then transpired at the meeting has been confirmed to PJ Media by several administration sources..."" ""By members of non-governmental organizations involved in national security..."" ""and by a source within the Israeli government."" McMaster screamed at the Israelis and refused to call Hezbollah terrorists. McMaster has been replaced by a Islamist lookalike, because THIS is what McMaster told the American Jewish Committee in June. Let's go back to this. Here's what PJ Media says. Well, guess what, kids? The National Security Council DOES NOT HAVE a Directorate on Counter-Terrorism. The Obama administration NSC had a Directorate of Counterterrorism, butthe Trump administration doesn't. So who is the man in the photo? That is JAVED Ali. The Office of National Intelligence Management is part of the National Counterterrorism Center (NCTC). And the NCTC is part of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI). Here's where I found the photo of Javed Ali. Javed Ali in 2006. Senior intelligence officer, Office of Intelligence and Analysis, Department of Homeland Security. In 2010, the only Mustafa Javed Ali in the United States was a member of the FBI. He was a guest at an iftar dinner at the White House, celebrating the end of Ramadan. So, the McMaster story is wrong on every possible level. Wrong man, wrong position, and of course wrong actions. Javed Ali is an employee of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. Ali has no connection whatsoever to McMaster. This ""report"" must be totally retracted. It's pure fantasy."
" I knew this would someday happen. It's a shame. But I was expecting it. Since I have PTSD and can't take stress, I actually WON'T get stuck in the middle between Jew-haters and Israelis. I'll tell you a story about the nicest man I ever met. His name is John Taylor, and he plays bass with Duran Duran. I started playing bass in 1981, so Mr. Taylor was actually one of my first bass heroes. He has a gift that VERY few musicians have: a recognizable style. Nobody can play this bass line the way Taylor can. It's all his own. The note choice, tone, and TIMING are pure John Taylor. What he does is create tension by slightly pushing the best or lagging behind it. That's a jazz technique. So I'm a huge fan. I interviewed him at his house, and I got lost. When I called and asked for directions, he just laughed. It wasn't a problem at all. Gave me the best coffee I've ever had, AND a great interview. I had a policy of letting the artist read the interview before I turned it in. I wanted them happy. In my ten-year career as a music journalist, John Taylor was the only artist who said, ""Don't change a word. It's perfect."" He was represented by a publicity firm that handled a large number of artists, so I worked with them a lot. In early 1996, I spoke with a publicist about setting up an interview with a different artist. This was four years after I interviewed John Taylor. In talking to the publicist, I told her how a guy had tried to murder my brother and me at our bookstore a week or so earlier. She wanted to know all the details. In February of 1997, John Taylor released a solo album called ""Feelings are Good and Other Lies."" This was three years after I met him. He sent me a copy of the CD, which I framed. It says, ""For Tom: Glad you're alive. Love to you, John Taylor, 1997."" So, here's what happened: The publicist told him in January 1996 about how I was almost murdered, so a year later, Taylor sent me an inscribed CD. Wasn't that nice of him? I won't be stuck in the middle between two sides that hate each other and belittle ME too. I prefer the company of nice people. Have at it, kids. Don't count me in. Great bass tone for that silly instrument, my first bass... "
" DID I TELL YOU OR WHAT? Bashar al-Assad PERSONALLY driving through ""liberate"" East Ghouta. There's isn't a chance in hell that Assad would drive through an area crawling with jihadists. Snipers and IEDs would be a problem for months. It was ALL KABUKI. There are NO JIHADISTS. This is part of a plan to to give the Syrians ""street cred"" for liberating parts of the country. After the war, we won't have the disaster of Iraq. No sectarian massacres, and no endless insurgency. Don't get me wrong: Assad didn't sit down with anyone and plan this out. The Gulf Cooperation Council is simply DOING THINGS. The GCC can't be stopped. So the GCC took over and neutralized all the jihadists in Syria. By doing so, they OFFERED ASSAD a chance to get his street cred. He's obviously taking it. Iran, Hezbollah, and the Russians can't stop what's happening. They can either cooperate or die. Assad is glumly cooperating. As in Aleppo, the civilians in East Ghouta went underground. There are massive shelters as well as catacombs. Assad and the Russians DID BOMB. But when they bombed the wrong places, they were instantly shot down. At any rate, Assad would not be personally driving an unarmored sedan in East Ghouta unless he KNEW that there were no jihadists. So the president of Syrian has proven that I was right. The GCC ""hollowed out"" the jihadists. The only ones left are actors who shoot into empty buildings... ADDENDUM: Here we go. Assad explains that the government will stay in place after the war. See, the reason the Iraq war was a disaster is that we came in from the outside and IMPOSED a government by force. It was doomed to fail. Syria HAS a functioning government. So after the war, the government will call for elections, and the Syrians will determine their own fate. The problem is ASSAD, who interferes in the affairs of other countries. This isn't a question of imposing a government on the Syrians from the outside. Assad is being rendered powerless. At the proper time, he'll leave. BUT. First he saves face. This is what is being done in Iran. The mullahs are having their power whittled away. This method of regime change takes a long time, and it requires a perfect balance of mercy and utter ruthlessness. Most importantly, it requires people who will never brag about what they did. I believe that the GCC is led by people who have the ego structure that allows them to change the world without taking credit for it. They also have soldiers who think the same way. AND we have a president in who has the same ego structure. He cares about his family and the country. And he cares about US. On April 14, 2017, the USS Jimmy Carter returned home flying the Jolly Roger. The sub--which was modified to land special-operations forces--carried out two combat missions in 2017. Nothing has leaked. When you take your job seriously, you can keep secrets. LOTS of people now take their jobs seriously..."
" Something people should think about: Where's Rick Perry? Where's Jeff Sessions? Where's Betsy DeVos? And so on. Trump is the flak-catcher for his administration. They're working in peace. But. Trump is also the flak-catcher for many, many, many others, both domestically and internationally. The Gulf Cooperation Council invented a new type of soldier who fights in ""combined arms micro teams."" One tank, one bulldozer, one gunship, one infantry squad, one antitank squad, and one sniper squad. The mission of the micro teams? Suppress, Obscure, Secure, Reduce, and Assault (SOSRA). Trump's micro teams are carrying out political SOSRA all over the country. Could you identify a Trump operative? Of course not. Leftists are such narcissists that they think EVERYBODY is like THEM. Rick Perry isn't going on TV every three seconds, so to leftists, Perry doesn't exist. Guess what? Perry is as much a radical revolutionary as Trump, Mattis, Bannon, and so on. PENCE is a radical revolutionary. Leftists have to wear identifiable signs. A leftist radical LOOKS like one. Trump is more radical than all of American academia put together. You know why? Academia is stuck. Marxism is 170 years old. Trump is doing stuff never before attempted. Very few people grasp just how radical Trump is. They'll catch on. AFTER they can no longer change the course Trump charted..."
" has outed himself as a Jew-hater. He underestimated me. This ""news"" appeared in only the Daily Express, owned by Lord Beaverbrook--William Maxwell ""Max"" Aitken, 1st Baron Beaverbook. Lord Beaverbrook was not a friend of the Jewish people. This is from an editorial of June 19, 1938. The 1933 article is in reference to a TOTALLY INEFFECTUAL boycott of Nazi Germany by the American Jewish Committee, the American Jewish Congress and B'nai B'rith. GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? Jewish people will appreciate this. When the Jewish boycotters got together at the Hotel Astor in New York City on March 20, 1933, THEY GOT INTO A MASSIVE FISTFIGHT because they couldn't agree ON ANYTHING. The RIOT SQUAD had to be called in. The boycotters couldn't even agree on whether to have protest marches or not. NOTHING HAPPENED. The boycott had no impact whatsoever. And. The boycott was in RESPONSE to the violence that Nazis used against Jews in Europe. I know all your tricks, . I know FAR more about this topic than you do. Go to hell..."
" A brief return, just to to show you a new weapon. This is a towed artillery piece. You can tell by the ""split tail."" Note the tree and the man standing next to it. A direct hit with a guided missile, fired from either an aerial platform or a US Marine artillery piece. A massive amount of energy released in the form of heat. Remember this guy? See the tree? The final three frames show the guy STILL STANDING and beginning to walk away. Before and after. Don't ask ME what the hell that munition is. It blew up right in the guy's face, and he walked away. My best guess is another fuel-air explosive with a directed blast effect. In this case, the force was directed straight down. ""IT WAS MURDER!"" Far from it. Remember what I said? ""Waging war on MILITARY OBJECTS, not people."" You just saw a miracle of technology. It's a weapon from half a century into the future. 100 percent accurate, and it doesn't kill people standing right next to where it hits. The Blame America and Hate America folks are getting even stupider. But so are ""military experts."" Who else even noticed that Russian walking away? This is what they'll use in Lebanon in Hezbollah. Every fighting post and rocket launcher will be hit simultaneously. And the civilians will walk away. It's in the bag. Take THAT to the bank, if I may be allowed to mix muh metaphors..."
" WOW. The Kurds have again atomized a Turkish tank. The SOUND indicates a Russian 9M113 Konkurs. But there's absolutely NO WAY that the 9N131 HEAT (high explosive antitank) warhead of a Konkurs missile did that. The Turks are hysterical, threatening the US. ""Pro-government Turkish media said the tank attack was carried out with an anti-tank missile given to the YPG by the US, but this has yet to be confirmed."" Not a chance. We don't make replacement warheads for Russian antitank guided missiles. ""'The supposed ally the United States knows no limit in treachery,' said the Yeni Akit daily."" Sorry, Ahmet. When we decide to be treacherous, YOU'LL KNOW. The Gulf Cooperation Council has attached commandos to the Kurds in Afrin, as I knew they would. The power of this warhead is astonishing. There are actually THREE tanks here. This is a PRIMARY explosion. All that power came from the warhead. I've never seen anything like that. It looks like an air strike with a 2000-lb bomb. So on the same day, Russia and Turkey were hit with new weapons used by professional commandos. Everyone needs to start behaving. When people have missiles that can ATOMIZE your tanks, it's time to stop throwing your weight around..."
" Ladies! Cop (white shirt) in Brazil ambushed by at least three gunmen. She's being fired at from both inside and outside the store. When a civilian (gray blur) gets in her way, she holds her fire. She was hit in the neck, wrist and thigh. No effs given. Personally, I think that women bring a different approach to law enforcement. While it's true that women aren't as physically strong as men, they have a different analytical process that allows them to avoid most physical confrontations. This cop kept her head, so even though she was shot three times, she didn't accidentally kill a civilian. She actually took the bullets rather than fire. That's quite a feat..."
" This is a Turkish M60 Patton tank. The missile is a Russian 9M113 Konkurs. This is the turret of the tank. The missile (pink dot) hit on the top of the turret, where the armor is thin. So it's very likely that the tank was destroyed. The Turks are VERY incompetent when it comes to how to use tanks. What the Kurds are doing is called ""elastic defense."" The Kurds fell back, drawing in the Turks. Now the Kurds are attacking from the sides, or ""flanks."" The Turks began by facing ONE front. Now they're facing THREE fronts. Turkish doctrine calls for tanks to be brought up to the front line and then dug in as artillery pieces. This means their tanks are sitting ducks. When the Kurds initially retreated, Erdgogan gave a speech in which he declared victory, due to the help of God. Now the Kurds are destroying tanks and killing Turks daily. Where's the Turkish air support? Well, this happened during Operation Euphrates Shield. The Turkish aircraft were grounded for three weeks. It's called ""electronic warfare."" You get in your aircraft, and the instruments go crazy. You're stationary, but the speedometer says you're flying at 700 knots. You can't fly an aircraft with demented instrumentation. So the Turks are in trouble. Look up the word ""hubris."" Hubris = excessive pride or self-confidence. The people inflicting such damage on the Turks aren't crippled by hubris. They're calm and realistic. They leave nothing to chance. There IS an art of war. Maybe someday in the future, we won't have war. But right now, the smart people become artists in war. That doesn't mean you level entire countries. Quite the opposite. An artist in war uses lethal force intelligently. ROI. ""Return on investment."" Each antitank guided missile you fire has the maximum effect. The Turks are finding that they can't get what they want through the use of violence. And Erdogan set himself up for a giant pratfall. So that's where we are. War is unfortunate, but sometimes the alternative to war is worse. So it pays to become a master in the art of war..."
" I'LL TRY AGAIN! This is a lie. simply repeated what she was told. JOURNALISM is not serving as a stenographer for people with a hostile agenda. But that's what did. Goldbaum SIMPLY REPEATS CLAIMS. That's all she does. ""A majority of bullet casings collected from the farm that was attacked, which were seen by The Daily Beast, were from American—not Somali National Army—weapons."" Explain the ""chain of custody"" for the cartridge casings, Christina. You can't. There was none. ""In addition to foolhardy planning of the hold-terrain operation, the Americans also appeared to be woefully unaware that in this vast and forest-rich region, Al Shabaab isn’t the only factor contributing to instability."" Yes! AFRICOM just blunders around, running into trees. Here's what Goldbaum doesn't know: ""AFRICOM works by, with and through African and other partners to address these threats."" ""'By, with and through' refers to a strategic approach designed to achieve U.S. strategic objectives in Africa by enabling the security forces of partnered nations who have compatible strategic objectives."" ""This approach places an emphasis on U.S. military capabilities employed in a supporting role, not as principle participants in any armed conflict."" ""Security operations are executed almost exclusively by the partnered security forces."" Now why would the Daily Beast write a fact-free hit piece on the US armed forces in Somalia? SURPRISE! When the late pig John Murtha got in trouble, he accused US Marines in Iraq of murder. The Democrats are in trouble again, so they're using their obedient little doggies to distract by accusing American soldiers in Somalia of murder. It's not working, because President Trump is FAR MORE SKILLED at creating distractions than is any dork from the Daily Beast or any corrupt genderless Congress-thing. The US military denies the allegations. ""After a thorough assessment of the Somali National Army-led operation near Bariire, Somalia, on Aug. 25, 2017 and the associated allegations of civilian casualties..."" ""U.S. Special Operations Command Africa (SOCAF) has concluded that the only casualties were those of armed enemy combatants."" They have drones, my dear little doggie . SOCAF are not the willing accomplices of terrorists. Have we had enough of lying leftists yet? These are people with no morals. All they care about is power. What funny is that if the US becomes North Korea, will be a slave, just like the rest of us. So she's lying in order to implement a system that will keep HER down. She'll be sitting in her grass hut, eating mud under the photo of the Dear Leader on the wall, and she'll be chortling about how she stuck it to conservatives. We need to remove all leftists from power for the next fifty years. They have no sense of self-preservation, and they're getting much more savage in their politics of character assassination. Make them pay. DEARLY..."
" I have to address this because my wishes are not being honored. People need to understand that I have NO PROBLEM cutting off contact when my wishes aren't honored. For whatever completely inexplicable reason, I'm being told tall tales that have no bearing on anything. MY ISSUE is the mob mentality. So I'm being told, ""Yes, but you need to put that aside."" No. I'm not going to put aside the ONLY issue that matters to me in the case of Roy Moore. I said multiple times that I don't agree with his social positions. And THAT is not good enough! I'm being LECTURED. It's amazing to me that I have to do this, but I do. Because otherwise this HARASSMENT will apparently not stop. Before we run the numbers, I'll say this one last time: The issue to ME is the mob mentality. Being FORCED to run these numbers is why I'm experiencing a massive PTSD response. This is also why I WILL NOT answer for telephone for another week or so. So let's run the numbers. And remember, this is not important to me. About half of Alabama's registered Republicans voted on December 12, 2017. The total number was 650,436 votes. 650,436 X 2 = 1,300,872 That's the total number of registered Republicans in Alabama. 481,146 Republicans voted in the primary runoff. 481,146 = 37 percent of Alabama's registered Republicans. So it's a LIE that only 7 percent of the state's Republicans chose Roy Moore to be their candidate. Moore won a RUNOFF. More people voted in the RUNOFF than in the ACTUAL PRIMARY. The reason the Roy Moore case has put me into a PTSD spiral is because people are using PERSONAL DISLIKE as a reason to LIE. This is called ""situational ethics."" I'm not here to tell anyone how to live their lives. But. When I TELL YOU to lay off because this is triggering severe PTSD reactions, and you REFUSE, it means you are NOT someone that I can have in my life. Again, I have PTSD because of seeing mob action. I've seen mobs murder people and tear them to shreds. So when I tell you to lay off, you need to lay off. I don't CARE about your thoughts. Am I supposed to SUBMIT? Why? Forget the total immorality of demanding that others submit. We're not even talking about the same topic. I'm talking about MOB ACTION, and I'm being told, ""But popularity!"" This is my final warning: Do not talk to me about Roy Moore anymore. I don't CARE about politics. For me, this isn't about politics. Stop harassing me..."
" I believe that I've uncovered an Iranian deception operation in Syria. It shows how careful you have to be these days. Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki is a Sunni Islamist rebel group in Syria. Initially the US supported this group, but they began committing war crimes. This is from the Guardian. In early 2015, the CIA was training rebels and supplying small arms. The program was 100 percent ineffective. Trump ended it. Note the date. On June 25, 2016, Assad's forces began an offensive to cut the last rebel supply line into Aleppo. On July 19, 2016, Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki released a video showing their men murdering a child. Everything you've been told about this story is a lie. Let's begin with the ""child."" His name was Abdullah Issa, and he was a 19-year-old soldier in the Syrian Arab Army. Issa suffered from thalassemia, which made him APPEAR to be a child. But there's no doubt that he was a young man, and he was a soldier. The terrorists DID murder him. But I think Issa was handed over to the terrorists because he looked like a child. Issa had a broken leg, and he was being treated in a hospital. I believe that Iran handed Issa to the terrorists and paid them to make a video that would damage the US and the Syrian rebels. The video of the murder first surfaced on July 19, 2016. I believe that the murder took place before November of 2015. The video was filmed in three separate locations. Here are the first two. The third location is a dump. Issa's beheaded body is on the ground. The men in all three scenes are different. Two or possibly three were at all three scenes. How do I know that this actually took place before November of 2015? This is part of the conversation that Issa had with his murderers. Now we have Iranian Quds Force commander Major General Qassem Suleimani, published July 12, 2017. We have two problems. First, Qassem Suleimani is dead. He was killed in November of 2015. This is the last known photo of Suleimani, taken in October of 2015 in Syria. Suleimani gave a speech in Tehran on July 8, 2015. This video dates from July of 2015. He'd aged dramatically by October of 2015. Now, I understand that my own interpretation of the images above is completely subjective. However. Here's something that is NOT subjective. The man on the right. He has distinctive teeth. The murder of Abdullah Issa was said to have taken place on July 19, 2016. I downloaded a video of Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki on July 29, 2016. Here were have the same man as the one on the right above. Notice anything unusual about him? Two more shots. He's on the left. His entire upper body is covered with healed burned scars. July 19, 2016. July 29, 2016. See the white scar tissue on his chest? Let's ask doctors and nurses. How long would it take for such severe burns to heal? A year? The murder of Abdullah Issa took place in 2015. Qassem Suleimani arranged it. A 19-year-old Syrian with a congenital condition was thrown to the subhuman monsters of Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki. And now, Qassem Suleimani is in hell, where he belongs. Abdullah Issa was said to have been murdered on July 19. Trump ended CIA support for Islamist rebels on July 19. I'm sure the date of Trump's decision was not a coincidence... ADDENDUM: Someone sent me link to what they said is video of the terrorists capturing Abdullah Issa. Different clothing, and the bandages are on opposite legs. Better photo of 19-year-old Abdullah Issa in uniform. "
" I've been telling you for over a year that Russia, Iran, and Hezbollah were defeated in Syria. Now I'll show you why Trump did THIS. Everything we do in the Middle East is guided by what our allies tell us. There were strategic reasons for Trump to make the change. First, the Yemeni government--with the help of the Saudi-led Coalition--is about to take back Hodeidah. This will cut the last supply line for the Houthis. After the port is taken, the Houthis have lost the war. Another reason Trump recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel was to take all eyes off of Lebanon. There's a massive weapons transfer underway to the Lebanese armed forces, and Prime Minister Hariri is no longer a prisoner of Hezbollah. It appears that the Lebanese armed forces suddenly outgun Hezbollah. Hariri has ordered his troops to keep Hezbollah away from the border with Israel. What's the best way to distract from massive change? Create MORE massive change. If things happen in the bright of day, it's not good for anyone. So created a storm that is allowing OTHER things to move along. Russia is withdrawing its troops from Syria. Is the war over? Hell NO. ""The Syrian army and Iranian-backed militias backed by Russian air power stepped up a military campaign against rebels in eastern Hama province in a push towards the rebel stronghold of Idlib province in northwestern Syria, rebels and witnesses said."" Theater. Reuters is relying on local sources. There's no evidence that is actually happening. Russia is done. The negotiations are already underway, but in secret. In the meantime, factions are jostling for position in the post-Assad Syria. So Russia is out of Syria. What about Hezbollah? SURPRISE! ""To a surrounded enemy, you must leave a way of escape."" --Sun Tzu, The Art of War On the advice of our Arab allies, Trump gave Hezbollah a way of escape from Syria. ""We won, so on to Jerusalem!"" BUT WHAT ABOUT IRAN? Well... Iran pulled out of Syria last month. You didn't know that, did you? Trump's recognition of Jerusalem provides cover for both our allies AND our enemies. We're not rubbing our enemies' faces in their defeat. Yesterday I blocked about twenty Americans who claimed to be military combat veterans. I blocked them because they were being VERY insulting, and they DIDN'T KNOW WHAT THEY WERE TALKING ABOUT. This is the new reality: The Gulf Cooperation Council can fight and win wars in total secrecy. I'm not interested in hearing from ANYONE who wants to tell me that I'm wrong. You can disagree with me. That's fine. BUT. Unless YOU are a member of the Saudi Special Forces or the Emirati Presidential Guard, your opinion isn't valuable to me. Yesterday twenty ""military experts"" could not answer questions from a 55-year-old hobbyist. Bad show, fellas. I told you OVER A YEAR AGO that Russia, Iran, and Hezbollah were defeated in Syria. And now we see that I was right. So no more insulting tweets. YOU GUYS didn't see this coming. I put it in writing over a year ago. You must therefore refrain from insulting me to my face. If you DO insult me, I'll block you. Tell me things I don't know. New things, not old things. THAT will make me respect you..."
" A certain kind of leftist harpy hates gay men. Why? Because those are men who are immune to the woman's ""charms."" Griffin is bitching about three gay men, blaming them for everything. It's so transparent. She hates them because they'll NEVER find her attractive. Simple as that..."
" All right. I figured out the Hamas attack plan, which Israel and the Gulf Cooperation Council thwarted. This video shows you what was going to happen. The Mossad and the Shin Bet have revealed PART of the plan. Shin Bet. ""There is a prohibition for Hamas operatives to approach the border, from a fear that they will be killed or captured by IDF troops, unless the security fence falls and then they must enter, armed, into Israel under the cover of the masses and carry out terror attacks."" So Hamas was going to enter Israel along with 40,000 crazed young men. Now the Mossad. Hamas admits that 50 of the dead were terrorists. All except for two of the dead are military aged males. Hamas uses young ""affiliated"" civilian men to carry out their operations. These are combatants. They also use fake journalists. On July 9, 2014, Hamed Shehab was killed driving a truck marked ""TV."" The truck was carrying weapons. He was a terrorist masquerading as a journalist. Hamas also uses fake paramedics. Palestinian Center for Human Rights. ""At approximately 15:30 (August 1), Israeli warplanes bombarded an ambulance of the Ministry of Health. As a result, 3 health workers were killed:"" ""'Atef Saleh al-Zameli, 42, the driver; Yousef Ejmai'an al-Zameli, 33, a nurse; and Yousef Jaber Darabih, 25, a volunteer paramedic."" 'Atef Saleh al-Zameli. Yousef Ejmai'an al-Zameli, aka Yousef Ahmed Sheikh_al-Eid. Yousef Jaber Darabih. We have footage of a man being shot. He was standing on a sheet of plywood, and he wore a helmet and gloves. To my eyes, he's also wearing body armor. So how was Hamas going to carry out the attack? The drone footage shows us. The tents are full of weapons, and they dug tunnels to where the man was standing on the plywood. That sheet of plywood covers a tunnel exit. The IDF knew the attack plan. Commandos from the Gulf Cooperation Council went in and killed everybody who needed killing. The terrorists HAD TO BE ON SCENE. When the crowd breached the fence, the terrorists would emerge from the ground, armed with the weapons stored in the tents. The plan REQUIRED the terrorists to be present. They could not be called in, because that would take too long. AND if they arrived in caravans, they'd be spotted by drone. The terrorists had to be present and armed. This guy was communicating with the men in a tunnel. There may have been only ONE tunnel. We didn't see 58 people shot. That's because the majority of the dead were in the tents and the tunnel or tunnels. I found a video of a GCC ""tunnel rat,"" as they're called. He has the shortest carbine I've ever seen. The weapon also has a shotgun under the rifle barrel. The rectangular box at the front of the weapon is the shotgun magazine, which serves as the fore grip. Ten such commandos could've killed all 60 of those Hamas terrorists. They could have had other weapons. So THAT is what happened. Is Hamas going to admit to this? No way. Not EVER. NOW do you see why I keep praising GCC strategic commandos...? ADDENDUM: THIS screen grab is from earlier. On the day of the planned attack, there were 40,000 people here, with far more black smoke and tear gas... ADDENDUM TWO: Hopefully this makes things more clear... "
" This is how I knew Trump would be our best president. ""RE community"" means ""real estate community."" Commercial real-estate developers DID hate Trump and refuse to publicly take him seriously. Why? Because he beat them into the ground at their own game. The mega-wealthy also hated Trump. Why? Because they saw him as ""parvenu."" ""A person of obscure origin who has gained wealth, influence, or celebrity."" I heard over and over that Trump would help ""only his friends in the wealthy class."" Ridiculous. The wealthy HATE Trump as coarse, boorish embarrassment. Al Sharpton said, ""Trump is a guy from Queens. That's how he thinks and speaks."" I knew that Trump was sincere. Trump wanted to be a filmmaker. UCLA turned him down. Only then did Trump enter the family business. I'm now convinced that Trump began planning his presidential run when he was 30 years old. THAT'S when he created the persona that people like hate. By the way, I'm sure that THIS is just a coincidence. is ACTUALLY a real-estate developer who graduated from Wharton. Right? Right. Is it possible that Trump planned his presidential run for forty years? Absolutely. The REAL Trump has airtight operations security (OPSEC). We know only about the PUBLIC Trump who drives simpleminded people crazy. Trump did SOMETHING that made the Arab world welcome him as a brother and a hero. My guess is he snipped the strings that kept the Arabs from reaching out to Russia and China. The US traditionally forced itself on the region. That has stopped. Trump went to China and said TO THEIR FACES, ""Good job in rooking us. You deserved every penny. Now it's over."" And they LOVED IT. He treated them as EQUALS. Here's what white liberals don't grasp: Seeing someone as an equal means you insult them, joke with them, and tell them that you're on to them. I heard a routine on the radio: Two white people witness a crime. The cops come. The cop interviewing them is black. ""Describe the perpetrator,"" the cop says. ""Well, he was about six feet tall, um, blue jeans, uh... and... and..."" The cop impatiently interrupts. ""And he's BLACK, right?"" ""Well...um... He just HAPPENED to be black."" Trump speaks as bluntly to the Arabs and Chinese as he speaks to anybody else. The Chinese say that he's the FIRST PRESIDENT to treat them as equals. Nixon went there in 1972. That was NINE PRESIDENTS AGO. White leftists view ALL non-Europoidal people as living in cute little sofa forts, not nations. Did you ever build a sofa fort when you were a kid? Trump is literally the most egalitarian leader in world history. When he goes to the Middle East and China, he doesn't think, ""Look at their cute little cobbled-together societies! I'll make a speech that doesn't hurt their little feelings."" It appears that we've had a breakthrough with the Chinese. My guess is that Trump will next turn his attention to Russia. SOMEONE is dominant here. Can you see who? The Russians are currently lying their asses off about us. They say we created the Islamic State and are giving terrorists safe passage. It ain't US who does that! Below is a half-truth. The headline is misleading. You find the truth at the very end of the article. “The regime’s advance past the convoy underlines continued Syrian responsibility for the buses and terrorists."" Iran, Russia, Assad, and Hezbollah made a deal that allowed Islamic State and al-Qaeda fighters to leave the Lebanese border and head for Iraq. For the first time ever, the US stopped one of these duplicitous deals. At the request of the Iraqi government, we stopped the convoy of buses. The Russians protested. We said, ""Protest noted."" And we refused to give in to the Russian demands that the convoy be allowed to move forward. Eventually, Assad's fake army of actors, old men, and little kids advanced past the buses. The terrorists became Assad's problem again. THAT'S when we stopped surveillance of the buses. This entire episode was handled by the US military. The Executive Branch (Trump) and the State Department (Tillerson) were not involved. Mattis and his commanders made all the decisions. Trump operates in disguise. Leftists with multiple Twitter accounts are fooled. World leaders are not fooled. Trump understands something that leftists don't: GEOPOLITICS ARE DEADLY. By showing Putin respect, and by being friendly with him, tensions are eased. It doesn't cost Trump a thing. It helps. Here's something else Trump APPEARS to do: He APPEARS--I can't say this is absolutely true--to put himself in the hands of the security that surrounds the other leader. In all the photos with Putin, those are RUSSIAN security. I saw the same in China, and it appears that in Vietnam, the security was Vietnamese. Some countries require this. But. Putin had his own security in Vietnam, and Trump clearly put himself in their hands when he talked to Putin. I know that people worry, but you need to understand something: This is such a gigantic compliment that there's literally no way that the host country or Putin would let anything happen. Imagine the face that the Chinese or Vietnamese or Russians would lose if their security failed. So it SEEMS risky, but it isn't. And Trump has lots of things up his sleeve that we don't need to talk about. What matters is the ""street cred"" that Putin and others get. This will make it easier for them to cooperate. Not bad for a ""third tier developer cum promoter,"" huh, cum ? Ha."
" makes a point. I'm a spitballer. What I mean is, I look at open sources and make guesses about them. I have no military experience. I'm very up front that I have no military experience, and I always say, ""I have no sources. This is just a guess."" The only field in which I'm a total expert is World War One flamethrowers and now assault troops. Since I know about flamethrowers, I can tell when they've been used. This terrorist was killed with a flamethrower. (Censored image.) He was burned to charcoal--only between his chin and thighs. Impossible with a KNOWN flamethrower. So I did a patent search, and I found something called a ""pyrophoric slug flamethrower."" This device shoots ""slugs"" or blobs of material that ignites spontaneously in atmospheric air. The fuel tank is cloth, so it's quiet. I also found a device that uses the gas from blank rifle cartridges to fire flame slugs. You could convert an ordinary rifle into a flamethrower. I made a mockup. Lo and behold, we have footage of a soldier in Iraq wearing a totally bizarre outfit, and he has what looks like a life vest. His outfit is a near-perfect match for a British flamethrower suit of World War One. At one point, about 30 ""American veterans"" began attacking me with incredible savagery. They couldn't explain why the musings of a 55-year-old Twitter dude made them hysterical. They couldn't explain because they were simply following orders. ""Go after that guy."" They also couldn't answer questions. My father served in the US Coast Guard. He taught me multiple ways of exposing fake veterans. I knew they were fake, because they immediately said things, ""How dare you question me?"" Well, even if you ARE a veteran, I'm going to question you. I know REAL veterans who are maniacal losers. Their service doesn't inoculate them against criticism. I tweet because I like it. Never ONCE have I said about my theories, ""This is the inarguable truth, and you must accept it."" So yes, there are organized bands of fake veterans out there. I expose them, and then I block them. They actually say, ""I don't have to answer you!"" A combat veteran of the US Marine Corps would say THAT? Please... ADDENDUM: I forgot to explain the slug flamethrower. They use it to incinerate suicide vests and belts. The heat sets the explosive on fire, and it burns rapidly without exploding. Explosion = detonation. Burning = deflagration. "
" I remember that Saddam Hussein's Mukhabarat--secret police--met with leftist antiwar protestors in 1991. If--BIG IF--Klein's claims are true, it explains the presence of federal agents at multiple Antifa events. It's not widely known, but a huge number of obscure federal agencies such as the Railroad Retirement Board have SWAT teams. Many Americans find it alarming that the Department of Education, etc., have SWAT teams. But what if the LEADERSHIP of these agencies changed, and the highly trained tactical officers were used for other purposes? Did you see this? At least three men tricked Antifa into attacking them. As a result, the Antifa member's DNA was harvested. The guy in the blue on the left points, and the bald guy in the green shirt gets ready. Green Shirt films Antifa up close. The others wait. Antifa attacks--because that's what they do--and Green Shirt yanks off his mask and takes it. See Bald Guy on the right? He goes and scoops up the helmet (right). Feds have been harvesting DNA from Antifa for months. Klein's book confirms what I theorized in April."
" asks a question. Let me explain the process I went through. The Saudis first SAID that they were going to change the world. Anyone can SAY anything. So when did I begin to BELIEVE the Saudis? I was ALMOST convinced when THIS happened. Those are actually Emirati armored vehicles, but the Saudis somehow landed them. To this day, nobody knows how. But the Saudis convinced me in October of 2015. Multiple armed forces began winning effortlessly AND getting the credit. I knew that these armed forces had help. SECRET help. I saw that unbelievably advanced weapons were being used, and I traced them back to Israel. There was only one answer: The Israelis had made peace with the Gulf Cooperation Council, which then funded Israeli weapon development to the tune of trillions. Nobody has EVER built up its armed forces to this level and then used these forces to help OTHERS in secret. THAT is proof that the Saudis are sincere. King Faisal essentially overthrew his brother King Saud, because Saud was bankrupting the country by building palaces for himself, etc. As Crown Prince, Faisal had instituted sweeping reforms, such as allowing the education of women and introducing television. This did not go over well with the strictly religious. As king, Faisal tried to walk a tightrope between modernization and traditionalism. For example, he ordered Saudis to educate their children in the kingdom, and he he cracked down on dissent. Although Faisal reduced the influence of the strictly religious, and he reached out to non-Wahhabists, he supported pan-Islamism and a hedge against pan-Arabism. Faisal's nephew assassinated him on March 25, 1975. And then in 1979, there was an armed uprising that resulted in the House of Saud embracing the strictest possible interpretations on Islam. But. There was a secret plan in action. Hundreds of thousands of Saudis received their educations in the west. Those people educated their children in the west. By 2015, we were into our third generation of Saudis being educated in the west. That was all it took. When the current king began instituting RADICAL reforms, the country was ready. They understood that these ideas are NOT threatening. They're LIBERATING. I withheld judgment until the Saudis PROVED with their actions that all of this is real. So for me, everything changed in August of 2015. Before August of 2015, I thought the Middle East would be at war forever. NOW, I can see that peace, stability, and freedom are inevitable. They can't be stopped. The main factor is of course the volition of Middle Easterners. But the SECOND-MOST important factor is Rex Tillerson. Tillerson is the FIRST Secretary of State who doesn't try to impose America's will on the Middle East. He's the first SecState who has the ego structure that allows him to view all other nations as equally important. Like Trump, Tillerson delegates. The US has delegated the freeing of the Middle East to...Middle Easterners! That idea is so crazy that it just might work! The reason that this is all going to work is that FINALLY we have benign, altruistic people in charge. They worship improvement. No challenge is too daunting for them, and they will do whatever it takes to succeed. This is a unique era in human history. So SAVOR it..."
" Yesterday someone ordered me to stop talking about everything else and start pounding on the desk while shouting ""Release the memo!"" Why am I not doing that? Because the memo is GOING to be released. The people revving you up are the ones who will then take credit for something that was going to be done anyway. I'm reading a lot of horseshit right now. We're back to ""Fire Sessions!"" Sweethearts? Darlings? Lights of my life? Who do you think is responsible for collecting everything that multiple sources have said ON THE RECORD will demolish the Democrats? ""Who's running this government anyway? Why am I being stonewalled?"" I'm not going to get on the bandwagon with people who don't understand what's actually happening. And I'm CERTAINLY not going to join forces with those who are DELIBERATELY publishing things to make you upset so that they can personally profit in terms of ad revenue and TV face time. Did you ever see the movie The Hill, starring Sean Connery? It's about a British military prison in World War II. The prison commander breaks all military law in punishing the prisoners. All the officers who KNOW that the commander is breaking the law? They keep their mouths shut. It's an agonizing film. The prisoners finally outwit the commander and have him dead to rights. He's going down. But they want MORE. Sean Connery has been injured, so he can't stop the prisoners from ruining their golden opportunity. All Connery can do is lie on the floor and shout, ""Don't! No! NO! We had it made! WE HAD IT MADE! Don't f*ck it up!"" I realized a LONG time ago that people don't listen, and they want what they want, NOW! That's fine. But I'm different. So don't try and rope me into...whatever is happening. Fire SESSIONS? Demented. I don't DO demented. Sorry..."
" It's my age. When I was a young man, people weren't this crazy. In Tyler, Texas, in 1974, a maniac abducted a classmate's mother and murdered her. The school had an assembly, in which we were told all the details, and we were asked to be sensitive to the girl when she returned. Then they had a cheerleader tryout, and the girl showed up. It was the day after her mother was murdered. The murderer was still on the loose. I was twelve, but I knew what was going on: The girl was doing everything possible to keep from losing her mind with grief and horror. The killer had abducted the mother as she practiced playing the organ in the church. He raped her, shot her, and ran her over. Today, an ""independent journalist"" would accuse the girl of being in on her mother's murder. ""Why did this 'victim' go to a cheerleading tryout THE VERY NEXT DAY, HUH?"" They'd stake out her house and harass law enforcement. People are lost in fantasy. They're completely removed from normal human behavior. Conspiracy theorists don't know what it is to be human. They attribute malice to coping mechanisms and simple mistakes."
" shows you why the western world is incapable of dealing with world threats. And two. And three . And four. Kimball calls the White House ""foolish"" as he proposes a policy of complete impotence. He allegedly knows what he's talking about. Now, the reason Trump wants to void the JCPOA is that it's providing a fig leaf for Iran to wage war. Kimball calls Iran's war crimes ""disturbing."" The answer, according to Kimball, is to do MORE of what doesn't work: diplomacy. Here's what Will Rogers said about diplomacy. The Gulf Cooperation Council found a rock. LOTS of rocks, as it turns out. The Iranian-backed Houthis in Yemen have had all their supplies lines cut. Only the port of Hodeidah remains. SURPRISE! The Houthis and their ally Ali Adbullah Saleh suddenly began fighting in each in Sanaa. Saleh was killed by an unidentified munition. The ""experts"" said ""This dooms Saudi efforts in Yemen!"" SURPRISE! I told you at the time that the Saudis had fooled the Houthis and Saleh into fighting each other, and the Saudis killed Saleh. This left the Houthis greatly weakened. I was right. While Kimball argues for more meetings and lunches, we find that THIS Was achieved. The Iranians were driven from Syria. How? By killing them until they evacuated. Russia said that the Islamic State was defeated. The Islamic State begged to differ. ""Units from the Syrian Arab Army, (SAA), National Defense Forces (NDF), Syrian Hezbollah, and Liwaa Al-Fatemiyoun (Iranian-Afghan paramilitary), poured into the Deir Ezzor countryside, a military source told Al-Masdar News on Wednesday."" Men with no training whatsoever. Cannon fodder. Why wasn't LEBANESE Hezbollah present? Because they too have evacuated Syria. ""Today the axis of resistance, including Hezbollah, will return as its most important priority ... Jerusalem and Palestine and the Palestinian people and the Palestinian resistance in all its factions.” An admission of total defeat in Syria. Trump gave everyone a new rabbit when he recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. He also allowed our enemies to pretend that they haven't had their butts handed to them on a silver platter. This is important. It keeps them from doing crazy things. So the SOLUTION to Iran's war crimes is NOT more failed diplomacy. The solution is to utterly defeat them militarily, but in secret. A new concept, brought to you by THIS GUY. Trump is following his advice. That means all will be well..."
" I don't KNOW anything, but I think I can make educated guesses. I'm positive that Trump tells everybody to just do their jobs, and all will be well. In other words, no promises of pardons, no attempts to influence, nothing. My gut tells me that isn't the person ANY side is making him out to be. I'm sure that he made no deals with Trump, BUT I'm positive Trump let it be understood that there would be no hard feelings, and that the country comes first. So when Raving Donald goes in Twitter, someone like Comey understand the strategic value. Comey's got a book coming out. The title seems to slam Trump. Well, Comey Trump-trolled every with his previous Twitter account. He's a complex man, as is Mueller. Trump has spent his entire adult life dealing with complex people. I can't tell you where all of this is going, but it's not a Deep State coup, as some hysterical people are claiming. What Mueller is doing is very PEDESTRIAN. It's as old as politics. I don't even follow this stuff. Pretty much nobody on either side of the hearings and testimony is acting in good faith. Theater, political infighting, face time. Yuck. I keep a picture of this guy. He gloated over the Texas church shooting. I looked at his Instagram account. He's completely deranged. To me, he's the rigid face of political obsessives. All he cares about is TV, anime lesbians, his cat, eggs, comic conventions, his bowels, and politics. No friends, no relationships. Nothing but hate and eggs. If I met James Comey, we'd talk about everything EXCEPT politics. He's not an ordinary person. Almost everything we're seeing is ORDINARY. Mundane. Rinky-dink. It'll shake out the way it's supposed to. That's why I'm not worried. We have a totally non-ordinary president. He'll be fine..."
" Well, I bought all the raw footage filmed by the Palestinian cameramen. It proves without a doubt that every journalist there knew that the bodies were planted. Here's what happened: The initial story was that the Israeli navy had killed the boys. All Israeli corvettes use the 76mm Oto Melara. There wouldn't have been anything left. Also, there were no craters OR fragmentation damage. I knew it had to be an air strike with a very small missile. This is the weapon the Israelis use for urban combat. It's in the light blue launcher under the wing. Journalists covering wars don't know about weaponry anymore. So initially all the journalists had ""seen"" naval gunfire. Every single story changed. Not one story remained the same. As more information came out, the journalists adjusted their ""eyewitness accounts."" All these conflicting accounts are still online. My Israeli contact spoke with a journalist who claimed he was in his hotel room when all of this happened. I have video of him on the beach when this happened. When he did his review for the camera, he told a version of events that didn't match his ""eyewitness account"" OR the video. He told my Israeli contact that these were his ""personal narratives."" He's allowed to change his accounts, because humans are fallible, so he can say different things at different times of the day, and they're all equally valid. He's just a lying son of a bitch who watched Hamas get away with murder. That's all. He hates Jews, which is how he rationalizes his lies. Every single reporter who covered that story LIED about it. Without exception. I accused them BY NAME of complicity in murder. None of them ever sued me. It's because I have the raw footage proving that they ARE complicit in murder. They all drink themselves to sleep, I'm sure..."
" demonstrates how organized social-media campaigns work. I chose THAT tweet because it's so fatuous. Fatuous = complacently or inanely foolish. A fake veteran told me to stop. A fake Republican told me to stop. A fake police officer told me to stop. And now a fake injured Syrian woman is telling me to stop. Here's my answer to all of you: As long as the Democrats BEHAVE like the enemy, they ARE the enemy. I don't agree agree with 's social positions. But he's not my enemy. He and I agree on 's agenda. The judge's social positions are based on his religion, so these are bedrock personal beliefs. He's not trying to enslave others. He's saying, ""Don't force ME to agree with YOU."" I trust Roy Moore with political power. He'll make arguments, and his opponents will make arguments. The judge will abide by the outcome. Did Roy Moore barricade himself in his courtroom when removed from the bench? Did he raise an army? Or did he abide by the decisions that he be removed from the bench? This is what people don't understand about the judge. He KNEW he'd be removed from the bench. What he did wad to USE THE SYSTEM to make his arguments. It's not as cut and dried as ""He refused to obey the law."" He argued AN INTERPRETATION of the law, which is allowed. He lost, and he honored the decisions. What's being done to Roy Moore is LAWLESS. The judge forced the system to defend itself. That is THE SYSTEM. FABRICATING accusations is not part of the system. So Roy Moore is not my enemy, even though we disagree. We could spend a whole day together and never once discuss our differences. My enemies are people who refuse to let me think for myself and who paint all dissent as perverse and criminal. Roy Moore WAS a dissenter. Not a criminal. So telling me ""We're all Americans"" is a non sequitur. President Obama said that. ""There's no red America! There's no blue America! There's only America!"" That's a BIG, FAT red flag to me now. ""Danger, Thomas Wictor! Danger!"" Plenty of Americans ARE my enemies. Roy Moore is not one of them..."
" Remember I told you that Trump will invite Kim Jong-un to the White House? ""'We want to thank Kim Jong Un,' the president said. 'I really think he wants to do something ... and bring his country into the real world. I really think we have a very good chance of doing something very meaningful.'"" That is Trump's ""tell."" I did a lot of research: The president's phone calls are not part of the presidential record. He can can talk to who ever he wants in private. Trump is confirming TO ME in this clip that he's already speaking with Kim by phone. Why else would Trump say ""extremely high levels""? Trump is the kind of guy who wants RESULTS. So he's going to EASE Kim Jong-un into Kim's new role as statesman. The best way to make Kim comfortable to give him lots of experience talking to Trump. They would do it by teleconference, so the two men could see each other. My guess is Pompeo's team set up a secure teleconferencing system. So I stand my prediction: Trump invites Kim to the White House. As Trump says, we'll see..."
" Aha! Check it out: Twitter connected YOUR comment to MINE. Today is Twitter Gaslights Wictor Day. This is the FOURTH thing that's happened that misled me. I will now DELETE the comments I made about you. AND. The last few days have shown that there's a concerted effort to feed me misinformation. It's not the DEEP STATE; it's rinky-dinks. Like me. I AM A RINKY-DINK. This should make everybody happy. They're worried about ME. How lame is THAT? It means they're hysterical, and THAT means they know they're going over the cliff. Ha."
" In 2009, plainclothes Basij on motorcycles attacked protestors. This time, they're not attacking. It APPEARS--and I could be wrong--that the security forces are going out and doing nothing. Watch the riot cop (left) charge the man and woman (right)--and then just walk away. Commanders (center) are signaling to their men to remain in a group. National pride is VERY important in the Middle East. What if the security forces were told, ""Go out if you have to, but don't hurt anyone""? Wouldn't that satisfy everybody? The reaction of the security forces is unlike anything I've ever seen in Iran. Very brilliant, sensitive, and far-seeing people would be able to orchestrate regime change in a way that didn't cause more problems than it solved. In 2003, the Saudis told us that OUR approach to regime change in the Middle East would create multiple disasters. IF--and that's a BIG IF--this is regime change, it's going to be handled completely differently than Iraq and Libya. I could be wrong, of course, but I'm leaning toward this being regime change. So many strange things are happening..."
" Let's try and figure out what happens if this is true. Flynn will testify to this AND provide evidence. Then the Trump administration will point out that the ENTIRE RUSSIA COLLUSION STORY was made to protect...Obama! Every single Democrat who made the accusation will be exposed as a despicable liar. This could sink the Democratic party. Amazing..."
" I love happy endings. This son of a bitch pledged allegiance to the Islamic State in his reedy, little-boy voice. Then the cops filled him full of lead from his head to his feet. Penetrating gunshot wound of the head and scalp. The bullet went from the top of his head through his eye and into his neck. Penetrating gunshot wound of the right chest. Perforating gunshot wound of the right chest. Penetrating gunshot wound of the abdomen. Penetrating gunshot wound of the right lower calf. Perforating gunshot wound of the right foot. Perforating gunshot wound of the right second toe. He said on the phone that he committed mass murder to protest the killing of ""his people."" AS ALWAYS, he conveniently left out the FACT that the ones doing the killing were ""his people."" In reality, he just wanted to commit mass murder. And now his pious wife is on trial. Her defense? She knew NOTHING! Let's see what the jury says..."
" I guess I'm going to have to provide a transcription to this so that people will understand. Un-f*cking-believable. ""As I was going down the stairs, I heard a couple of shots fired. Everyone was freaking out, saying that it was a gun. As we were walking, the whole class together, I actually was speaking to the suspect, Nikolas Cruz, and as I was speaking to him, he seemed very—"" ""I don’t know what the word I want to say is, but he was trouble in middle school, so I kind of joked to him about it and said, 'I’m surprised you weren’t the one who did it,' and he just gave me a 'Huh?' So that’s really what happened. "" ""Really? You were walking down the hall? He had already fired at that time? "" "" Yes sir. With him. "" ""Weren’t you scared? "" ""In the moment, I wasn’t, because there was obviously definitely another shooter involved. But… "" ""Oh, you think he was not the only one? "" ""No. Definitely not. "" ""Why do you say that? "" ""Because when shots were fired, I saw him after the fact. So… And the shots were coming from the other part of the building. So there definitely had to be two shooters involved, I believe. "" ""That’s the first I’ve heard of that. Did you see any other students who were wounded? "" ""Um, no sir. "" Okay. What's her evidence of two shooters? The shots were coming from the other part of the building. Right. That's why they let THESE kids out. They didn't let the kids out into the hallway where the guy was shooting. When did she speak to the mass murderer? AFTER THE SHOOTING. The shooting had gone bye-bye. No more shooting. The mass murderer shot his rifle in the other part of the building, dropped his weapons, and joined THIS crowd of students. Then he pretended that he was NOT the mass murderer. She's not lying; she's mistaken. After every mass shooting--just like clockwork--people say there was a second shooter. It's always a conspiracy. You opinion that it was a conspiracy CAME FIRST. Those who believe in conspiracies ALWAYS believe in conspiracies, no matter what the evidence is. ""Something STINKS here!"" That's the smell of your rotting brain. It smells like...failure. The conspiracy theorists are just as bad as the people who hate the father of one of the victims because he wore a Trump shirt. This monstrosity. To me, she represents both leftist hate AND conspiracy theorists. Conspiracy theorists seem to be sexually excited by mass murder. Millions of Americans need emergency psychiatric intervention. We're not covering ourselves in glory these days..."
" Easily. The main threat from North Korea is 13,000 artillery pieces aimed at Seoul. The Norks use self-propelled artillery and multiple launch rocket systems (MLRS). Both can be taken out with electromagnetic pulses (EMPs). EMPs would prevent the weapons from being fired. SOMEONE is using EMP warheads in Syria. The missile is not a BGM-71 TOW, and it was not fired by rebels. These devices are also flying all over Syria and Iraq. Other videos show that they're powerful explosives that appear to be autonomous. They home in on targets marked for them. These devices can be used in swarms. Our Arab allies have converted C-17 Globemaster transports into strategic bombers. A flight of three Globemasters could drop enough explosive drones to take out all of the Norks' artillery. And I think we're going to see THIS used. Look at the date of the article. Two weeks ago. The weapons were conceived in 2003. Suddenly we're talking about them NOW? A week ago, the National Enquirer said that the weapon was launched and is ready to be used. One rod would do this. If we have to fight North Korea, we'll use new technology. Guaranteed."
" Interesting. As I was finishing this thread, something happened: My screen flashed, and now I can't see the entire thread chained together. I can see only one tweet at time. I logged out and logged in again. No difference. Hopefully READERS can see the entire thread. I can't..."
" Okay. I think I know what happened. Trump's first big ""scandal"" was Flynn. It looks like Obama and his people tried to set up Flynn to be the proof that Trump was Putin stooge. Andrew McCarthy, former federal prosecutor: ""It remains unclear why the Obama Justice Department chose to investigate Flynn."" ""There was nothing wrong with the incoming national-security adviser’s having meetings with foreign counterparts or discussing such matters as the sanctions in those meetings."" Yes, but try to explain that to people hearing nothing but ""COLLUSION! COLLUSION! COLLUSION!"" Flynn closed down Flynn Intel Group--his company--in November of 2016. He spoke to Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak on December 22 and then FIVE TIMES on December 29, 2016. December 29, 2016, was when Obama hit Russia with sanctions, based on the US Intelligence Community saying that Russia hacked the Democratic National Committee. Michael Flynn was a military spook. He knew darn well that his calls to Kislyak were being recorded. Andrew McCarthy makes a SECOND point that would've tipped off Flynn that he was being set up: ""If the FBI had FISA recordings of Flynn’s conversations with Kislyak, there was no need to ask Flynn what the conversations entailed."" So Flynn knows that they're setting him up to be Putin's Boy. He did nothing wrong, but the press will PRESENT him as a villain anyway. Flynn knew by December that he was being set up. After Trump is sworn in on January 20, 2017, Flynn creates his staff for the National Security Council There's a HUGE number of Defense Intelligence Agency spooks in Flynn's picks. These men and women are the real thing. Virtually NONE of them have ever been photographed. To be a member of the National Security Advisers' staff, you need a security clearance. This is not revoked when your boss is fired. Why did Flynn assembled a staff of spooks with security clearances? Because BEFORE Trump was sworn in, Obama, Clapper, and Ash Carter did a smear job on NSA Director Admiral Mike Rogers. The press was told that Rogers ran to Trump Tower to beg Trump to let him stay on. Clapper and Carter said this was OUTRAGEOUSLY unprofessional, so Obama should fire him. No way in hell would Obama fire the head of the NSA on scurrilous charges. BUT Obama and his buddies wanted to ruin Roger's reputation in order to weaken Trump. ""See? Just kiss Trump's butt, and he'll keep you. He sits in his tower like a pasha. What an egomaniac! What a bastard!"" There's ZERO evidence that Rogers actually went to Trump Tower to beg for his job. I say it didn't happen. Rogers isn't a clown. So Flynn knows that Rogers is pissed off, AND--as I keep telling you--Trump offers people redemption. Did Rogers do things he regrets? I don't know. But assembles a team of spooks who have never even been photographed. Then Trump fires Flynn, and Flynn departs, taking the spotlight with him. H. R. McMaster becomes the new National Security Adviser, and he fires all of Flynn's staffers. But they retain their security clearances. Go back and look at the alleged leaks about ANYTHING. It's always people yapping about REPORTS. Only one person can provide uncensored signals intelligence (SIGINT) that include phone calls and text messages. That person is Admiral Mike Rogers, Director of the National Security Agency. So I believe that Flynn created a team of spooks who hunt for leakers. McMaster ""fired"" them, but my guess is that they were only hired in order to get security clearances. Leaks are ILLEGAL. Therefore I think Mike Rogers provides Flynn's spooks with raw SIGINT. Rogers also creates barium meals. Therefore Flynn's spooks can instantly identify leakers AND confront them with the real story. That's why Trump has been immune to the sort of leaks that destroyed George W. Bush. The only way Flynn could have done all this was to make himself the target. He took the heat off of his leak hunters. And McMaster ALSO played the villain, in order to hide the leak hunters. This is all just a theory. Flynn had already sacrificed his career by openly criticizing Obama, Clapper, and the other piles of rubbish who ran the country. Would Flynn willingly pretend to be a guy who stupidly lied when he didn't have to? Absolutely. IT ENSURED THAT THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION would be airtight in terms of national-security leaks. This is why I never take part in the endless bitching about Trump's cabinet members. They're doing stuff that mediocre minds can't grasp. And we're not done. My guess is that Trump's got the goods on Obama. He's sure hinting at it. There's another guy involved in strategic deception and distraction, but people get hysterical when I say it. So you keep doing what you're doing, Deception Guy. It helps, as I know you know..."
" I have a theory on General Flynn. makes an interesting point. SIGINT is ""signals intelligence."" Phone calls, e-mails, texts, radio calls, walkie-talkie calls. I'm a World War I guy. THAT'S what I REALLY know about. I know SOME THINGS about post-1918 stuff. My theory on General Flynn is that he created a team of Leak Hunters who use raw SIGINT provided by NSA Director Admiral Mike Rogers. It hadn't occurred to me that General Flynn--being a spook and former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency--would be PERSONALLY familiar with the actually means of collecting SIGINT. So that bolsters my theory. I was thinking of Flynn as a SPOOK spook, but of course he's also familiar with the methods and means that the NSA uses. It would therefore be the easiest thing in the world for Flynn to set up every single corrupt element of the Intelligence Community. Flynn would know both the SPOOK side and the TECHNICAL side. And another point: JSOC = Joint Special Operations Command DO Intel = Director of Operations, Intelligence Support Activity Now, being a World War I guy, I wasn't aware that Flynn would be familiar with the TECHNICAL aspects of the NSA. I'm calling my theory confirmed. And if you don't like it, tough... "
" Here's one being used in combat. Using the video frame rate and the distance traveled (I found a municipal lighting manual for Fallujah that shows the distance between streetlamps), I calculate the speed at Mach 4.5. It's right above the smoke cloud. It's a stubby little thing, like the Messerschmitt Me-163 Komet. The Iraqis were ambushed with at least seven car bombs and one building-bomb. Also RPGs and antitank guided missiles. They lost at least six armored vehicles. The video shows that a retired Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps brigadier general was in charge. The IRGC isn't actually a combat force, so the Iranian led the Iraqis into a giant trap. Several non-Iraqis took over and killed the terrorists with light cannons and Pakistani anti-personnel RPGs. They also called in the airstrikes. After the terrorists were killed, the advisors turned control back over to the Iraqis. I figured all of this out by watching ten videos. This is the beginning of the ambush. The angry man in the green headscarf is one of the advisors. He calmed down after the Iraqis began taking his advice. This is the moment that the Iraqis began ignoring the incompetent Iranian IRGC brigadier general. The Iraqi commander's staff is beckoning to the non-Iraqi black man. The Iraqis said TRUTHFULLY that their commanders took no advice from foreigners. The Iraqi commanders' STAFF spoke to the foreign advisers while the commanders stood next to them and listened. It was very important that the Iraqis be seen to have defeated the terrorists themselves. And they DID. But part of the Iraqi strategy was to accept clandestine help..."
" Here's something to ponder: Paul Ryan engineered THIS. ""And at the end of a long and exhausting day (and story), that means Pentagon money can be used to construct a border wall."" That article is from July 19, 2017. Now we have confirmation: And... ""President Trump said Friday that construction of his promised border wall would start 'immediately' after signing the omnibus spending bill, which included $1.6 billion in funding for the wall."" ""'We're going to be starting work literally on Monday,' Trump said during an event Friday at the White House. 'We have a lot of money coming to the border.'"" What is it we should ponder? NO LEAKS. No leaks from the House of @#$%ing Representatives. You know what that means? The Swamp is already drained. Effectively. Trump keeps impressing me with his astuteness. He pulled this off by working WITH, not AGAINST. It's actually quite stunning. This isn't ""budget shenanigans."" The Democrats are--for now--the party of lawlessness. So the president and the Speaker of the House used PERFECTLY LEGAL MEANS to thwart the lawless. And word of this NEVER LEAKED. THAT is what blows me away. What are you going to bitch about NOW, ? You'll find something, I'm sure... ADDENDUM: Well, I was wrong. Coulter is TAKING CREDIT for the plan that Trump had in the works for years. I couldn't have come up with a more embarrassing position if I'd tried... "
" makes a point that I can use to springboard into my theory. I'm getting tweets from leftists saying, ""This is a big nothing. The Republicans are faking."" The Democrats are saying that the memo is based on ""unsubstantiated claims."" Why are leftists now so confident? Because Trump hasn't declassified the information. The average person thinks that Trump's inaction means it's a ""ruse,"" as an Austrian just told me. The Democratic members of Congress who've read the memo almost certainly think that Trump won't declassify the information for two reasons: One, it'll compromise what the Intelligence Community calls ""sources and methods."" And two, Trump doesn't have the guts to expose Obama. It would just be too much of a political earthquake. So my theory is that Trump is simply letting the tension build. He's a film buff, and he's a TV star. The most effective drama is the kind that lets the tension build until it's unbearable. So everything that's happening now is for the purpose of building tension. Even at this late date, the Democrats don't know who they're dealing with. Trump would destroy them in a second. IN A SECOND. Trump is a builder. He HATES those who can only tear down. He also hates those who oppose improvement. So I'm pretty sure we're going to have a long wait, while the Democrats get cockier and cockier, and then they get insulting. And at EXACTLY the right moment, in a way that compromises NOTHING, Trump will release the information. There's actually no hurry, so my guess is we have a bit of a wait..."
" McCain is one of the most destructive politicians in American history. He's actually John McCain III. The three Johns--grandfather, father, and son--spent their lives in competition with each other. I wasn't close to my own father, because he was raised by a very competitive man. My grandfather Frank. This is the best picture of him ever taken. It's PERFECT. Frank was a ""tease."" When my own father Edward was twenty, he was pretty much set for THIS kind of life. This is a selfie from 1948. Edward and John McCain spent their lives getting back at their fathers. I never felt the need to prove myself to my father OR rebel against him. My brother Tim is the same way. But our father's shadow covered all our siblings. They devoted their lives to either living up to him or rebelling against him. I've described myself as a very angry person, but I also cared for my parents for almost twenty years. So did my brother Tim. We never married or had children. On some level, we must have felt the need to come to terms with our father, so we agreed to care for both of our parents. In return, they let us live rent free in two of their houses, and they paid for our health insurance and gave us a salary. It was a good arrangement, because it kept my parents out of managed care, and it allowed Tim and me to come to terms with a lot of stuff. John McCain III refused to come to terms with anything. Instead, he avenged himself on the world. Like Ted Kennedy, McCain was wrong about absolutely everything. ""The Maverick."" How utterly pathetic. My parents and I didn't have a magical Hollywood ending. They went out as they lived: detached and unreachable. But there wasn't a deadly struggle, the way there was between all the John McCains. I can't speak for women, but in the case of men, the aging father can get resentful of his young son. The young John McCain was quite the ladies' man. McCain's father was very homely. He's on the right. And the grandfather was even homelier. He's on the left. The family dynamic was that John III taunted his two namesakes with his romantic adventures, while they criticized him for being a screw-up and not a real man. Having that kind of relationship with MY father would be unthinkable. He was his own man, and I was mine. My father was the most intellectually gifted man I've ever known. He was an expert--seriously--in all fields. All sciences, all arts. He knew everything. I felt no need to compete with him, and I felt no need to rebel by deliberately sabotaging my life. The John McCains were very CHILDISH men. Why have kids if you're just going to hate them? John McCain should put THIS on his tombstone: ""Don't Do What I Did."" He's going to die the way he lived: embittered. I can't comprehend that. Physically and mentally, I'm a jalopy. But. I'm not bitter. One of heroes is the poet Stephen Crane, who died of tuberculosis at the age of 28. He didn't give titles to his poems. This one is my credo. I always seek a new road. And BOY has it cost me! But it couldn't be any other way. Hey, look at that! I said I wasn't going to write a thread on John McCain, but I did. I'm sorry, Senator. You missed out on EVERYTHING, pretty much..."
" I knew Trump would win. After he won, there was a meeting of Democratic donors, Soros, and Michael Moore. Moore promised unprecedented action to overturn Trump's victory. Then Jill Stein demanded recounts in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. Under US law, if the electoral votes aren't certified by a certain date, they're discarded. So I knew that the Soros plan was to deny Trump 270 electoral votes, throwing the election into the House of Representatives. If that had happened, the House would've elected Hillary. We can now be sure of that, given how the Ryan-GOP has behaved. THEN I read a tiny little article saying that Stein had missed the deadline for a statewide recount. She missed it by a week. I knew then what had happened: Stein and Soros were given the wrong date. They wouldn't have bothered to look up the date. Someone in the meeting lied and gave them the wrong date. That person was a Trump mole. What does that mean? Trump anticipated this plan. THEN, as Stein went to court, it was revealed that Michigan had certified and sent in its electoral votes LONG before the deadline. They did it in maybe two days, the fastest in US history. So, I thought the mole and the wrong date for Pennsylvania was genius. But the REAL genius was Michigan. When Michigan certified and sent in the votes, that put Trump over 270. What we saw was a deception within a deception. THAT'S when I knew that Trump would always outwit his enemies. ALWAYS."
" This is what these LUNATICS are saying: We can't say he was Special Forces even though he was Special Forces. He was a member of a support battalion of the 3rd Special Forces Group. What the LUNATICS want us to say is this: ""Two Special Forces operators and two Special Forces support personnel were killed in Niger."" Since their training is TOTALLY IRRELEVANT, I'm not going to do that. I'm pretty sure I know what's happening: Fake Trump supporters are trying to convince people that Johnson ran away. The goal is get Trump supporters to denigrate the service of the lone black American who was killed. One of the reasons I got out of the field of military history is that deranged trivia-obsessed assholes derail all conversations. It doesn't matter that Johnson was in a Special Forces Battalion Support Company. He was in the field with a rifle that he'd been trained to use. So I'm now grimly blocking every trivia-obsessed asshole who says, ""He wasn't Special Forces!"""
" This is very interesting. Watch the SPEED and DISSOLUTION of the fireball. The fireball was gone in exactly six seconds. Let's watch OTHER explosions at weapons depots. First clip shows a fireball that lasts 25 seconds. Ten seconds for this one. Fifteen seconds. Twelve seconds. Looks to me like the Syrian weapons depot was hit with a new munition. Another fuel-air explosive that used shock waves and heat to get rid of all the weapons in one blast... ADDENDUM: This was DEFINITELY a munition designed to detonate all the weapons. The user says ""aftermath,"" meaning a secondary explosion. But I've never seen a secondary explosion detonate so many weapons so effectively. There's an explosion right BEFORE the large one. I think THAT explosion is a munition strike. Weapons are kept in hardened depots. You have to crack them open. It's possible that one munition was used to breach the depot, and then a second munition detonated all the weapons. The weapons could be artillery rounds or missile warheads. They could also be missile or rocket motors... ADDENDUM TWO: Yes, it's a fuel-air munition that ejected a gigantic cloud of explosive vapor. Then the vapor was detonated. The shock wave and heat eliminated the weapons in seconds. No collateral damage... "
" Let me explain to you why I'm done talking about American politics. I lived most of my life outside of the US, so in lots of ways, I'm not an American. One of our worst cultural failings is that it's impossible to generate a reservoir of goodwill in most Americans. People will turn on you in a flash, based on NOTHING. This failing is getting worse. With Americans, you have to prove yourself EVERY SINGLE DAY. Very few people have faith in others. People who instantly believe accusations are THEMSELVES deeply immoral. They believe accusations because THEY THEMSELVES are guilty of the behavior in question. Americans refuse to do their own research, and they refuse to WAIT. It's funny: Americans screech ""Don't judge me!"" as they INSTANTLY judge others. Roy Moore was a victim of the mob. His own ""supporters"" joined in. ""BURN THE WITCH! BURN HER NOW!"" I have other interests besides politics. Too many Americans have NOTHING meaningful, so they latch on to politics. What's emerging is a hostility toward Trump because he didn't fix everything in one day. So, what people with no power will do is ""fix him."" Americans LOVE ""protest votes."" Let's look at the whole mess. Trump's ""supporters"" have no faith in him and say he's a toddler, he's drugged, he's powerless. The OTHERS in his party want him GONE. On the other side, we have howling lunatics celebrating suicides. Oh, and the ""deep state"" maniacs won't shut up either. This was a ONE-SHOT DEAL. There's only so much that Trump can do without congressional support. Americans makes politics UGLY, STUPID, and DESTRUCTIVE. I tried VERY HARD to show people that things don't have to be that way. The butchering of Roy Moore took all the fight out of me. I simply can't comprehend the fact that HALF of all Republicans stayed home. When people say to you in plain language, ""I refuse to be smart and rational,"" then you'd be a FOOL to keep on trying to reach them. The Alabama senate race showed me that the mob rules. I hate the mob. In fact, I want the mob to die. I spent two years on Twitter, doing my part. And now I'm done. That which has no will to survive, won't. Americans are showing me that they can't deal with politics in a mature, thoughtful fashion. So I have to stop being involved in this endless dysfunction. It's like being in an abusive relationship. You don't appreciate the horror I feel at what was done to Roy Moore. To me, Alabama Republicans who stayed home are animals. Apes. Monsters. The US is the Ship of Fools. There's Jewish German man on the ship who isn't allowed to sit the captain's table. ""A patience, a little tolerance,"" he says to Michael Dunn, a fellow German. Michael Dunn says, ""You may be the biggest fool on this entire ship."" The Jewish man is offended. ""We German Jews are more German than anyone!"" he says. ""Besides, there are 500,000 of us. What are they going to do, kill us all?"" Then he laughs. I think the destruction of Roy Moore is a harbinger. And that's why I don't want to talk American politics anymore. I think we're getting ready to blow it. We'll know in 2018. For now, I'm off politics. I'll never recover from the shock of what was done to Roy Moore. I didn't see it coming. That means I misread the entire situation. And THAT means I don't know what the hell I'm talking about..."
" Pandora's effing box. ALL RIGHT. Effing chem trails. The claim is that the government is spraying chemicals as part of a ""geoengineering"" project. The photo above was taken in 1944. Those are CONTRAILS. Contrails are ice crystals. The width and duration of contrails depends on the temperature and humidity of the atmosphere at the height of the aircraft. Now, the issue of ""climate change"" has been politicized to the point that you won't find ANY honest article about it anywhere. So we need to look at the words being used. Al Gore is the guru of this stuff. Here he is in late 2017. What are Gore's answers to ""climate change""? Reducing emissions. Moving to renewable energy. Getting off fossil fuels. The climate-change nutters are all about CONTROLLING BEHAVIOR. They don't actually CARE about the planet. What they want is to control YOU. They want you on bicycles, and they want you to live upstairs from where you work. Here's what the chem-trail conspiracy theorists refuse to accept: Clandestine geoengineering is not being carried out BECAUSE IT DOESN'T ALLOW FOR CONTROL. You're assuming that the Secret Sprayers are sincere in their attempt to ""save the planet."" Baloney. Al Gore and his ilk are about SOCIETAL CONTROL, not saving the planet. That's why Al Gore and Leonardo DiCaprio are GLUTTONOUS CONSUMERS. They don't CARE about the planet. All they want is POWER over YOU. Secretly spraying chemicals doesn't fit in with the narrative that we have to all ride around on bicycles and live in cities. This is elementary CRITICAL THINKING. The government doesn't secretly do things to REDUCE ITS OWN POWER OVER YOU. If the chem-trails stabilize the climate, then WE DON'T HAVE TO GIVE UP OUR CARS. See? So they're NOT SECRETLY SPRAYING. California is the epicenter of climate insanity. They're making it impossible to drive. You're telling me that at the SAME time, they're secretly doing things that will allow us to keep our cars and our freedom? Can you simply STOP AND THINK? If you give this only a few seconds of REAL THOUGHT, you'll see that there's no such thing as chem trails. They don't fit in with what ANYBODY is trying to do to us..."
" CHECK IT OUT: Mohamed bin Salman has been 32 years old since 2015. The Saudis are UTTERLY TROLLING the world press. I'm sure they have bets on how long they can keep this going. Mohammed bin Salman (MbS) recommended to his father that these changes be made. Here's how MbS operates, and I'm sure it happened here: He shows up unannounced and demands to see the books. If you can't provide answers, you're fired on the spot. Since he did this in the middle of the night, it means that they had surprise visits. The corrupt always try to wait out reformers. MbS is totally unpredictable, and he's got the entire country behind him. And he's fearless. The Houthis have fired 95 ballistic missiles at Saudi Arabia. Note that the Air Defenses commander was sacked, as was the Strategic Missiles commander. Let's see if something is happening in Iran. Why yes indeed! All of this is interconnected. Thanks for notifying me..."
" This is PROBABLY significant. Prime Minister Hariri of Lebanon has the dominant position in front. Prince Khaled bin Salman--Saudi ambassador to the US--is next, and his brother Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is in the rear. Remember: Hezbollah is said to control Lebanon, and Hezbollah is Saudi Arabia's mortal enemy. The fear in the Middle East is that the most powerful countries will always impose their will on others. Hariri wants Lebanon to be NEUTRAL. He says the country shouldn't have to choose sides. The Saudis are doing a lot to reinforce that...demand. It's a demand. Hariri is making demands, as is his right. No country should be FORCED to choose sides. So Hariri is making the DEMAND that Lebanon not be dragged into wars. This photo shows that the Saudis are not trying to force their will on Lebanon. Lebanese are terrified of another war. Prime Minister Hariri doesn't seem worried. My guess is that Hezbollah's 150,000 rockets have an ""Off"" switch that none of us know about. But maybe Hariri knows about it. He looks happy, but he also looks relieved. My guess is that the greatest pleasure of the bin Salman brothers is to make others feel better. That's the impression I get..."
" The concept ""House of Safety"" originally covered only trade and treaties of mutual geopolitical cooperation. Since 9/11, I was told that Islam can't have a Reformation because there's no central authority to say, ""Here are the changes."" Well, THAT is exactly WHY the Stealth Reformation was possible. There's no central authority to oppose it! In the west, we want signed contracts and theses and billboards. They don't do things that way in the Middle East. Let me show you just one example of the total genius of the people guiding the Stealth Reformation. This. Why are women going to issue fatwas in Saudi Arabia? Saad Al-Quwaie, Professor of Juristic Policy at the Naif College for National Security: The move ""guarantees the right of women to have a flexible and safe working environment, as permitted by Shariah."" Well...in actual fact, shariah doesn't permit women to work. So they simply REDEFINED shariah. ""Shariah will guide how men treat women in the workplace."" BRILLIANT. Westerners demanded that shariah law be abandoned. Instead, the reformers are redefining it. Another example: The decision introduces women ""with jurisprudential skills and expertise in emerging cases to repel external interference..."" ""From those who deal with Saudi women’s issues contrary to Shariah law and the system of this country.” The concepts of women working and driving CAME FROM THE OUTSIDE. So the reformers are saying this: ""As we implement foreign ideas, we're strengthening our religious culture to fight off foreign ideas."" It's stunning genius. This allows them to adopt ANY idea and say that it's allowed by religious law. The very ""flaw"" of Islam turned out to be its greatest strength. The sky is the limit. They can adopt ANY idea and defend it. The Saudi Religious Council is leading the charge. So I'm very optimistic."
" OKAY. This is the Big Kahuna. This mufti has a history of craziness. About a year ago, it was rumored that the Saudi authorities forced him into retirement. We do know that he was prohibited from addressing the Haj or annual pilgrimage to Mecca. Here's what I've been saying since 2015: The new Saudi ethos is ""Live and let live."" Unstated is, ""Or you die."" The Saudis became a Wahhabist state in 1979, after a bloody uprising. Basically, the Saudi security forces could not defeat the terrorists, so the country agreed to become extremely strict and intolerant. Saudi Arabia is an absolute monarchy. What the king says, goes. But. It's clear now that King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud SECRETLY began military reforms. Abdullah was a STEALTH reformer who carried out THE most brilliant deception operation of all time. Abdullah died in 2015. Therefore it's absolutely clear that the reforms in the Saudi military happened on his watch. Abdullah, King Salman, and the next king--Mohammed bin Salman--have made a gigantic leap of faith: They've put their fate in the hands of the military. Absolutist governments NEVER train their armed forces well, because they fear coups. Now we can see that the House of Saud put COUNTRY ahead of SELF. Turkey and Iran became secular BY FORCE. Islam was OUTLAWED, for all intents and purposes. Imagine having the government STEAL your religion. Since secularism was imposed by force, it was only a matter of time before Turkey and Iran reverted and then became Islamist. Assad's pitiful Syrian Arab Army prohibited the takbir: ""Allahu akbar!"" How'd that work for Assad? Well, his entire army deserted, and now he uses warlords. The Saudis have sought and FOUND a balance. ""Live and let live"" means ""Let people be strictly religious if they want."" The only government control is that Islamism is not permitted. All Saudi mosques are monitored, and all sermons must be approved of by the state religious authority. So the end result is a 180-degree turn by the Grand Mufti. This will freak you out, but my guess is that he's totally sincere. We go back to the Abilene Paradox: People do things as a group that they DISAGREE WITH as individuals. I'm learning TONS OF THINGS after the fact. Now, I can say that King Abdullah was a stunning visionary. HE began the reforms ALL BY HIMSELF, and he kept an airtight lid on them. There's no other answer. King Salman is another brilliant visionary--a REVOLUTIONARY--but the Saudi armed forces were already reformed when Salman took power. So say a prayer for King Abdullah. He had the guts to begin the process, with no idea if it would be successful. Well, it's ALREADY successful..."
" Here's what I never understood about stories like this: ""I was threatened to stay quiet."" But here I am talking about it. ""I was concerned for my family and their safety."" And... Are you not anymore? ""He leaned around and looked at my daughter and said, ‘That’s a beautiful little girl. It’d be a shame if something happened to her mom.’"" Well, Stormy didn't think so, because here she is on TV! It's a load. Trump himself has admitted to having affairs. My father led a double life. He had two families. Of course we didn't know about the second one. Finally Dad cracked up and admitted to Mom what he'd done. He said he didn't want a divorce. Mom agreed to stay with him on one condition: He had to integrate his OTHER son into his existing family. So my brother flew out here from the Netherlands at the age of seven--alone, as he asked--to meet five siblings who were twenty years older. He was very brave. It wasn't hard to meet my brother. He had nothing to do with how he came into the world. So he spent every summer here. He grew into a nice young man. Here I am with him. He's the product of a terrible decision, but he wouldn't BE HERE if that terrible decision hadn't been made. He loves mountain biking in far-flung lands. And he hates mornings. He's just my bro. He called MY mother ""Mom,"" and in her obituary, we said that she left six children, not the five she bore. Her estate was divided six ways, not five. Stormy Daniels means less than nothing to me. She obviously WASN'T threatened, because she went to court to go on TV and flap her gums about how afraid she is. Imagine the personal lives of the leftists who are trying to bring down Trump with this pathetic harlot. I didn't elect a saint. I elected a ruthless businessman who gets things done and who has already redeemed himself a billion times over. Affairs happen. It's up to the FAMILIES to determine how they're dealt with. An affair gave me a terrific brother. That affair also allowed my mother to turn her ""Character"" knob up to 11. She SAVED my brother. So the affair turned out to have done more good than harm... ADDENDUM: Found this photo. My father wasn't a demonstrative man, so this type of imagery is virtually nonexistent. We were at an air museum. My father was an engineer, and my brother turned out to be the only of my father's six children who became an engineer. My brother calculates the stress loads that freighters will need. They give him the design, and he tweaks it until it meets the requirements. My brother makes ships survive THIS... "
" People are asking me about Nicaragua. Well, you may have heard that a reporter was killed. Ángel Gahona. There's no need to show you the video of his death. But. He was walking WITH A CROWD OF POLICE. He was filming how mobs had trashed everything. Nicaraguans are rioting because they're going to get less welfare from the government. THIS is the footage Gahona was creating as he died. There is no gore, no blood, no on-camera death. Listen for the shot that killed him. He was facing the destroyed ATM and suffered blunt-force trauma to the right side of his head. Go back to No. 4 and listen to the shot again. That is NOT a rifle, shotgun, or pistol. Look at the weapons the protestors have. Why would the police suddenly murder a reporter walking in their midst AS HE WAS RECORDING THE DAMAGE that supports the government's use of force? You can easily find the video of Ángel Gahona's death. He has massive blunt-force trauma to the right side of his head. It is NOT a bullet wound. The fact that he fell to his right indicates that a bullet did NOT penetrate his skull and create massive neurological damage. In those case, a person's knees give out, and he or she drops straight down. I could be wrong, of course. It's possible that the police DID murder Ángel Gahona. But why would they? He was providing the evidence that the government NEEDS in order to justify its use of force. Murdering him makes no sense at all. Unless the goal was to make him a martyr for the anti-government cause... ADDENDUM: I'll never understand the need to twist yourself into demented contortions in order to support an official narrative. It's about PERSONALIZING EVERYTHING. The report of the weapon speaks for itself. Not a pistol, shotgun, or rifle... ADDENDUM: Here is the murderer. There is no gore in this video... "
" I'm going to sign off with this idea: Ignorance is good. Here's what I mean. I just blocked a stupid, belligerent bastard for two reasons: One, he did a 180 on me. That'll get you blocked. ""I love you! I hate you!"" Whoops! You're insane. Goodbye. Secondly, he was one of these immature, self-righteous sons of bitches who tells you that you have to know about every horrible thing that happens in the world, or else you're part of the problem. Bullshit. Everyone makes their own choice on what they'll know. YOU decide. You're under no obligation to know about horrible things that you can't stop. Let me tell you from personal experience: Bad knowledge is VERY bad for you. It can destroy your ability to experience pleasure. I stopped watching TV because it got too violent. I'm not going to watch videos of traditional atrocities. There's nothing I can do to stop them. My brother is back from Las Vegas. He can't wait to leave again. He HATES it here. I can hack it better, so we decided tonight that he'll finish everything before I move. That means I'll be here until the end of the summer. It's fine. Not a biggie. My brother can't bear to hear about suffering. He's reached his limit. So saying that he needs to watch videos that depict animal cruelty is a form of sadism. I don't put up with ANYBODY trying to force their will on me for ANY reason. And neither should you. If you don't want to know about horrible things that you can't change, then THAT IS YOUR VALID CHOICE. I'm really goddam sick of people telling me all day and night about bad things. I'll tell you something: I stopped going to my Twitter timeline because people kept posting atrocity videos. I'm not going to watch them. Sorry. This is the only way to get the Chinese to stop torturing animals. Since that's not feasible, I choose to not know what the Chinese or any other sadistic bastards are doing. I spent five years in Japan, watching them eat LIVE animals. That's enough. YOU determine the knowledge in your head. Not others. YOU. Forcing knowledge on you against your will is ABUSE. DON'T buy the argument that ignorance is complacence. Ignorance is often SURVIVAL..."
" They STILL don't get it. ""Cornyn doesn’t know what Trump’s position is—but he knows that he shares it."" NO. Cornyn is simply NOT TALKING. I learned the hard way that when you talk to journalists, you give them the ability to distort EVERYTHING about you. Since the press LIES, smart people don't talk to the press. Trump and his allies bypass the lying press. GOOD. If the press reforms itself, they'll get access. Until then, they can rot..."
" Remember: Trump and his allies used Sun Tzu-level strategic deception to win the election and derail the fraudulent recount effort. It was only AFTER the election that we learned how political novices Trump, Conway, and Kushner created their own rules. ""Novice"" doesn't mean ""incompetent."" It means ""new to the field."" Saudi Minister of Defense Mohammed bin Salman was a novice when given the job. The Saudi crown prince is arguably THE most brilliant military thinker in human history. Previous military geniuses operated within set parameters. Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has ZERO parameters. His vision required that his armed forces create new forms of warfare. The Saudi war-fighting strategy is to destroy MILITARY OBJECTS, not people. Even combatants are spared. It takes longer, but it's FAR more effective. The Kurds were CONFUSED out of Kirkuk. Support or oppose the operation, it was virtually bloodless. The goal was to EASE the Kurds out, without harming them. Deception, distraction, and electronic warfare are key. But don't kid yourself: The Saudis have the heaviest firepower in the world. This is NOT Yemen. It's Saudi Border Guards. THAT'S what the Saudis do to illegal aliens. The ones with weapons, I mean. Sometimes novices bring totally new and unexpected solutions to the situation at hand..."
" All you Trump haters on the right and left are idiots. Look what Trump just did. Did it leak beforehand? No. Did Trump brag about it? No. The Deputy Commander of US Army Europe tweeted about it. Here was the cover story. The photo of the cover story. Here's what's funny: ""The base’s opening is largely symbolic and isn’t expected to bring operational changes."" Sure. That's why the Deputy Commander of US Army Europe took part in the ceremony. Do you know how many generals we already have in the Middle East? Do you know the purpose of USAREUR? ""Ensures US strategic access to Europe and beyond through a frequency and intensity of interaction with allies and partners..."" ""That greatly exceed that achievable by CONUS-based forces."" CONUS = ""continental United States. Israel just got wired into NATO. And Trump did it. Ha."
" ""We continue the actions of the martyrs of the uprising. The flagship of Sultan Velayat-e Faqih has come to its death."" ""Velayat-e faqih"" is government by Islamic jurors. It's also called ""The Guardianship of the Islamic Jurist,"" which holds that Islam gives a faqīh (Islamic jurist) custodianship over all people. This is a Shia Muslim concept. And THAT is why this uprising is different. They're rejecting the core belief of the Islamic Republic of Iran. What they're SAYING is that this is an uprising to usher in a secular government. They're taking the Saudi route. I know that Saudis and Iranians have their differences, but the goal is the same. In Saudi Arabia, the king and the crown prince are separating religion from government, but GRADUALLY. That change is coming from the top down. In Iran, the protesters want a separation of religion and government. That change is coming from the bottom up. The Iranian protesters are gradually recruiting the security forces. I think they already have the armed forces on their side. Changes in Saudi Arabia are happening over a period of years, in order to allow the population to adjust. The changes in Iran MAY happen gradually, or--if the government goes crazy with violence--they may happen rapidly. The uprisings of the past month were a Beta test. That means the final test before the project goes active. It was a field test. And it worked. There were protests all over the country, in places that had never seen them before. The protesters were able to get around government attempts to silence them. High-powered weapons were used judiciously, only as a warning. And confirmed that regime change is going to happen. Yesterday a bunch of silly ass micro journalists came after me, claiming that the CIA is behind the uprising in Iran. No. That goes against Trump's ethos, AND it wouldn't work. A certain kind of westerner--we call them ""bigots""--refuse to credit Arabs and Persians with the desire to be free. These bigots see enslavement as the natural state of Arabs and Persians. The Syrian uprising in 2011 was 100 percent the doing of the Syrian people. Not the CIA. Not the Mossad. In 2011, Bashar al-Assad responded with MASSIVE violence, which attracted jihadist terrorists, and Syria broke into factions. The same thing WILL NOT HAPPEN in Iran. The Iranian uprising is comprised of small teams of men and women who don't know each other. They are skilled enough to operate autonomously. In other words, they know when to act without being told. The Iranian uprising is not based on violence. Therefore Iran will not experience civil war. So that's where we are. This is the real thing: regime change. But it's unlike anything ever attempted. So be patient. All will be well..."
" No. Russia tried to keep Assad in power. Therefore the Russians were militarily defeated. Multiple commando attacks destroyed the Russian ability to carry out offensive operations. T4 Air Base. An entire squadron of gunships AS WELL AS depots and supply trucks were destroyed. Commandos landed at the end of the runway and did an Entebbe on the Russians. The Russians hurriedly abandoned their base at Palmyra because they had no air support. The Islamic State simply walked in. A new missile defeated the Russian Shtora defense system on the T-90 tank. Rebels didn't fire the missile. This is said to be Faylaq al-Sham firing a missile at Russians installing jamming equipment. Looks awful, huh? Well, as far as I can tell, every man not only survived, he was ABLE TO RUN LIKE A BUNNY. That was a fuel-air explosive set to ""Scare The Hell Out Of."" The Russians lost their equipment but not their lives..."
" I don't believe for a second that is sincere, but I'll debunk this nonsense anyway. Not a single police force in the US is told to stand down down mass shootings so that the casualty count will be higher. This is a brainless conspiracy theory. First of all, we'll take care of the LIE that there was a slow police response at Sandy Hook. The first 911 call came in at 9:35 a.m. The first cops arrived at 9:39 a.m. The final shot is fired at 9:40 a.m. The Pulse nightclub shooting had a slow response because the cops are still addicted to negotiating with mass shooters. The US Army has Combatant Commander In-Extemis Forces (CIFs), a company of US Army Special Forces. They are used when you DON'T KNOW WHAT THE HELL IS HAPPENING. American cops are trained to negotiate and go slowly, in case the place is bobby trapped. This is all based on liability. What we need are three-man squads of officers whose only job is to kill mass shooters. They would be used with the understanding that the officers may die, and they may actually cause the building to blow up or whatever. The booby trap argument is not very persuasive, especially in the case of a school shooting. But the reality is that ALL police responses to mass shootings are inadequate because they're RESPONSES. That's just not enough time for cops to stop the shooting. Cops have to already BE THERE. Here's an idea: Announce that your school has armed, undercover mass-shooter killers. Put big signs everywhere. Keep everybody guessing. The principal is the only person who knows if such people exist. They can rotate from school to school. Hire cops who can pass for students. They wander the halls, mingling with the REAL students during classes, and then they go to the principal's office. Have cops pose as maintenance workers, janitors, administrators. Cops respond slowly because of physics and poor leadership. Anyone who tells you, ""Something smells fishy here!"" is a tape recorder. That';s all. There's no thought going into that comment. They say it after every shooting. NOW, you're experiencing a barrage of bullshit from FAKE Trump supporters who want you to repeat madness and thus discredit yourself. Just reject it as the garbage it is. Hanlon's Razor: ""Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity..."""
" When Orson Welles got the Mercury Theater going, there was a VERY gay man named Francis Carpenter who wanted to be an actor. Welles was probably a repressed gay man himself, since he surrounded himself with gay men and taunted them. He strutted around naked, etc. But Francis Carpenter was gay to the power GAY. He called himself Orson Welles's maid. Francis was so effeminate that they just couldn't cast him. Then Pearl Harbor happened. Carpenter enlisted in the army the next day. Welles got multiple deferments until 1943, when he was declared 4-F. Here he is leaving the draft board after being rejected. Welles was hammered by the public for not enlisting, and he never explained why he was declared 4-F. Meanwhile, Francis Carpenter spent four years in combat in North Africa and Europe. He racked up a massive number of awards for bravery. After the war, Welles would be holding court somewhere, and gay little Francis Carpenter would come in, and everyone would rush over and ask him to tell a war story. Unlike the other men of the period, Carpenter was very up front about combat, but he made every story FUNNY. He always volunteered for the suicide missions, and he never got a scratch. Welles would sit in the corner fuming while Carpenter talked about taking out bunkers and machine-gun nests single handedly because nobody else was stupid enough to volunteer. ""Well, if that's what you want, sir. I'll give it a try. See you boys later, I hope."" Everyone loved Francis. He saved everyone in his unit. Francis Carpenter would be ashamed to be associated with today's LGBTQ trembling panic-addicts. At some point, reality must intrude. Americans don't spend every second of their lives thinking about the LGBTQ community..."
" Yesterday. ""Demonstrators ignored the interior minister's warning that citizens should avoid 'illegal gatherings'."" Today. ""Iranians are free to protest against the government but must not jeopardise security, President Hassan Rouhani has said after four days of demonstrations."" The protests went from illegal to legal in one day. KEEP IT UP, IRANIANS. You're winning..."
" Question about the US military and its problems. Here we have the biggest corruption scandal in the history of the US Navy. spoke out against the military and the CIA ""cooking the books"" to make President Obama look good. Flynn was ACTIVE DUTY at the time, the head of the Defense Intelligence Agency. So they did a number on him, using the methods we now know so well: Anonymous sources told the New York Times and the usual suspects that Flynn was incompetent, crazy, and a harasser of women. All lies. But it worked, and Flynn was canned. HE KNEW IT WOULD HAPPEN, but he spoke out anyway. ""If you go back over my career, everyone I’ve worked with during all my assignments will tell you:"" ""‘Oh yeah, Flynn will come in and shake things up.’ That was actually the direct guidance I was given by Panetta when I was given this job."" This is CLASSIC: They gave him guidance, and when he did what they asked, they fired him. It was ALL PLAYACTING. Except for Flynn. He took his orders seriously, because he's a great man. Back to the question about our military: What happened? The answer is that Americans are culturally averse to having a massively powerful, efficient, hardcore military. We began as militia, and it's now in our cultural DNA. After every war, we unilaterally disarm. Between world wars, we reduced the size of the army to 100,000 men. When we reinstated the draft, we had no weapons. Our men trained with wooden machine guns, and they threw beer cans instead of hand grenades. Until the Battle of Midway (June 4-7, 1942) the Japanese kicked our butts. We had obsolete weapons. The only reason we won the Battle of midway was the stunning genius of Admiral Frank Jack Fletcher. Fletcher was given an impossible assignment: Find a vastly superior enemy in the middle of the ocean and destroy him. That's what Fletcher did. He used Midway Island as a stationary aircraft carrier, and he took calculated risks. Fletcher sent out his aircraft, leaving his fleet undefended. We took losses, but the Japanese lost EVERYTHING. World War II ended on August 15, 1945. The Korean War started June 25, 1950. We had our butts kicked. Our weaponry was obsolete, and our standard of training had dropped. Once again, a brilliant individual saved us. Douglas MacArthur's amphibious landing at Inchon--an INCREDIBLY risky operation--turned the tide until the Chinese entered. But the war ended as a stalemate instead of a defeat. This is our history. It's our culture. We are NOT a warlike people. So we're conflicted about keeping our military up to snuff. A massive lie: Eisenhower warned us about the ""military-industrial complex."" No. Eisenhower warned about the POTENTIAL DANGERS INHERENT in the military-industrial complex. Read his speech. If I say to you, ""Cars can kill you if you use them incorrectly,"" does that mean I oppose cars? I'm now 55, so I've lost patience with the cyclic American hand wringing and hair pulling over military issues. I admire the Gulf Cooperation Council for creating the deadliest soldiers in human history: strategic special forces. The GCC accepts the need for deadly soldiers. Does that mean those soldiers will commit genocide? Nope. In actual fact, the better the soldier, the more humane he or she is. When you can kill everybody, you become aware of the fragility of the defenseless. Ask . He knows. So our military issues are part of our culture. We're a GREAT country, but in some ways, we're immature. We need to STOP _ _ _ _-ing off. It's self-indulgent. Having strong armed forces isn't bad. Armed forces in and of themselves are devoid of moral content. It's how you USE them that matters. Thus endeth the lesson..."
" You care only about taking guns, not saving lives. Guns were needed HERE. The cops used there guns HERE only after the attack. Is that a French success story? See, you turds never bitch about massacres UNLESS an American used a gun to do it. You're not fooling anyone. You are INDIFFERENT to human life. The dead are only political props to you. Sane Americans have had their fill of people life you. Watch the Democrats get politically exterminated in the next two elections."
" Let me give you a good example of ""accountability journalism,"" invented by the . First, a definition: The journalist decides what's true and what to put in the piece. OBJECTIVE FACT does not enter into it. So, journalists decided long ago that Israel is the most criminal state in human history, and Hamas are heroic, aboriginal freedom fighters. In 2015, I tried to make a documentary about Ismail, Mohammed, Ahed, and Zakaria Bakr, the four Palestinian boys said to have been killed while playing soccer on the beach on July 16, 2014. The Israeli director promised an ""atom bomb,"" but after he got my money, he made a ""balanced"" film that included interviews with terrorists. Their claims went unrebutted. I refused permission to release it, so it died. That was very painful, because it took me a year to figure out how Hamas had murdered the four boys. All the evidence is there in the published video and still photos. But I did something nobody expected. I bought all the raw footage that all the Palestinian cameramen filmed on the beach that day. Remember: Today's journalists decide for themselves what ""truth"" is, and they filter out everything that doesn't comport with that truth. On July 16, 2014, EVERY SINGLE western journalist cooperated with Hamas in order to present a lie to the world. The boys were said to have been killed next to a breakwater (6). The al-Deira Hotel (15) was full of western journalists. Not one journalist or photographer walked from the al-Deira Hotel down to the breakwater. Not one. And the stories of EVERY journalist in the al-Deira Hotel changed multiple times. I figured out how Hamas had tricked the IDF into firing a missile at the steel shipping container on the breakwater: The had men walk into it. Sacrificial lambs. This journalist confirmed that I was right. Then he deleted his tweet and never again mentioned the two men. Hamas had murdered the boys hours earlier and pre-positioned their bodies. This is the driver and ""fixer"" for the New York Times. He's actually a Hamas terrorist who took over the removal of the first dead child. He led all the reporters off the beach. All except for one. In my raw video, you can hear the New York Times photographer being threatened by Hamas. ""Hamood!"" the photographer shouts. ""Hamood! Hamood!"" All the journalists in Gaza said that Hamas treated them PERFECTLY and never threatened them. American photographer Heidi Levine said many times that Hamas never threatened her. She lied. From my raw footage. A Hamas terrorist closes the ambulance door, shouting at Levine in Arabic to move. Then he shoves her. After he closes the door, he comes after her. See how afraid she is? ""Accountability journalism"" allows journalists to PARTICIPATE in the murders of four little boys. EVERY SINGLE JOURNALIST THERE is complicit. I have all the evidence. They rationalize it by saying that the ""truth"" is that Israel killed the boys, and it's not necessary to report on Hamas threats and...murder. You never saw the closeup footage of the boys' bodies. Their wounds didn't bleed, and they were caused by ball bearings. The injuries were inflicted postmortem by IEDs set to simulate naval shelling. Due to the climate and the boys' ages, rigor mortis was a real danger. You know how to prevent rigor mortis? Electrocution. The boys' bodies have burns from electrodes. ALL THE JOURNALISTS THERE know the real story. Journalists are actually no longer human. They're machines. They feel nothing. All they do is spread the approved narrative. It's been four years, so I can tell you what I've been doing. I've been keeping track of the careers of all the journalists on the beach that day. All of them--to a man and woman--have crapped out. That's not a coincidence. They were all made to pay for what they did. It wasn't enough, of course. But it was better than nothing. It would interesting to know if the Hamas terrorists involved in the operation paid a steeper price. At any rate, the press gladly took part in that obscenity. The press IS the enemy. Of civilization... ADDENDUM: "
" The crown prince said that Saudi Arabia will become a country open to all religions. Seventy percent of the population is under thirty years old, so that means the changes must come immediately, he said. These young Saudis must not have their lives wasted, waiting for the government to make changes. It SOUNDS like we're going to see even MORE radical changes, even MORE quickly. I hope everyone understands how significant this is. The Saudis are burning their bridges. In Iran and Turkey, secularism was IMPOSED by force. The people had their religion TAKEN from them. The Saudis are very brilliantly saying, ""YOU can be as religious as you want, but you can't force OTHERS to be religious."" The reason Iran and Turkey reverted is because their religion was STOLEN. The Saudis studied the history of failure. ALL failure. My guess is King Salman planned this for over forty years. The crown prince began attending cabinet meetings when he was 12. That means HE'S been planning this for twenty years. Salman and his son Mohammed are two of the most important figures in world history. It's clear that they saved the Middle East, but someday we'll see that they saved the world. I don't think that's an exaggeration..."
" Look: I own firearms. Some people should be PREVENTED from owning guns, and others should have their guns TAKEN AWAY. You've almost certainly read tons of horseshit about Sandy Hook being some kind of CIA-Rothschilds-Soros-Martian ""false flag."" Well, guess what? The mass murderer's MOTHER was a Second Amendment absolutist. She felt that the key to solving her son's severe mental illness was to take him shooting. So he used the key to the gun cabinet, took out a rifle, murdered his mother, and then went to the school. The mother had no idea how to handle a mentally ill son. She berated him and threatened to have him committed. Should the son had had ZERO access to firearms. You bet. The constitution does not grant ABSOLUTE rights. We gun owners need to put on our big-boy and big-girl pants and say, ""THIS guns own is not like ME. Take away his guns."" A group has reached full potential ONLY WHEN it can criticize its own. My neighbor is a psycho. They day he came over and accused me of trying to poison his dog was terrifying. He's a gun owner. This guy is 6'5"" and weighs 300 pounds. He banged on my door, and when I opened it, he filled the doorway. If he'd attacked me--even without gun--I'd be dead. One thing I can do is talk, so I made him realize that since WE had confronted him multiple times over his barking dog, we would be the last people to try poison. ""Who did you immediately think of?"" I asked. ""You guys."" ""RIGHT! But we don't kill animals. And look: Here you are on my doorstep. AND you own guns. We're not insane, Thomas."" So I talked my way out of THAT one. But why should I have to live in fear because of Second Amendment absolutists? ""Well, use your guns to defend yourself!"" Now that's a GREAT IDEA! A FIREFIGHT! Instead of having FIREFIGHTS, how about we gun owners simply admit that SOME PEOPLE should never own guns? It's the frigging truth..."
" Let's talk about . Why does she have to explain her support of ? In eight years, I never once demanded that someone explain their support of Barack Obama. I can GUT people. Put me on the stage with Jimmy Kimmel. I'll make him wish that his mother had never met his father. I can do that to ANYONE. I could humiliate Kimmel to the point that he'd regret entering show business. But I would never do that. In a free country, nobody is required to explain their politics to anybody else. This questioning of Roseanne is DISGRACEFUL. She didn't have to come back. The show is going to be a smash hit. People will make tons of money, and everyone will be happy. I want all you leftists to start treating people the way I treated YOU. Is it unreasonable for me to ask that you be CIVILIZED? Or are you too far gone? Do you want me to start eviscerating people whenever they present me with their vulnerable underbellies? See, I can do, and I won't even feel bad about it. Is cross examination the new normal? ""EXPLAIN! DO IT! NOW!"" If you want me to cross examine you and make you look like a total imbecile, I'll be happy to do that. Or. How about everybody treat others the way the want to be treated themselves? Your politics don't make you moral or immoral. Politics are devoid of moral content. You know what IS immoral? Demanding that people justify exercising their constitutional rights. THAT is immoral. I've lived in FIVE socialist countries: Venezuela, Holland, the UK, Norway, and Japan. Guess what happens in socialist countries? Human life becomes worthless. In ALL of the countries above, you can lie in the gutter, and nobody will help you. In Tokyo, a drunk guy was passed out in a bus loading zone. The way it was built, the next bus that came in would smash him. So I woke him up. He was angry and used the Japanese version of the N-word on me, the word they use for white people. But he staggered away. As I bought my train ticket, a Japanese man asked if he could speak to me. ""I'm so ashamed at what I just saw,"" he said. ""We are a disgusting people."" I told him it was all right, and we shook hands. But in every socialist country, you can lie there on the ground until a bus runs you over, and nobody will lift a finger to help you. The best Americans are immigrants who fled socialism. These are people who LOVE freedom. American leftists need to live in a socialist shithole for five years and learn what it's like to be part of a society in which everyone hates everyone else BUT also keeps them down. Here's a story that's no longer true. A Sunni Iraqi sheik told this story to an American army officer. God keeps people in jars. The American jar has the lid on tightly, because when Americans get out of the jar, they dominate the world. The lid of the European jar isn't on as tightly as the lid of the American jar, because Europeans don't try to get out as energetically as Americans do. The Middle Eastern jar has NO lid, because whenever someone tries to get out, all the others pull that person back inside. Fifteen years after the sheik told that story, it's no longer true. AMERICANS are doing their best to become Third Worlders. It's not a tragedy; it's FARCE. I can think of nothing stupider than Americans throwing it all away over POLITICS. Especially CHILDISH politics. You don't want me to quiz you. No you don't. So start acting like AMERICANS again. We're not doing ourselves proud right now..."
" asks a question. We do, but let's think about THIS: The regime is revolutionary, so it has prepared for all known forms of revolution. People talk about 2009, but there have actually been massive protests several times since 1979. The world will do nothing to help the protestors, and besides, the mullahs can withstand all outside pressure. So IF--and that's a BIG IF--this is regime change, it's going to happen in a way that the mullahs did not anticipate. WHATEVER happens, the Iranians themselves will be in charge. If they get help, this will not be revealed. Social media shows us that sectarianism IS A REAL PROBLEM. Therefore any help the Iranians got would have to be brilliant and totally covert. But also, the Iranians MUST DO THIS THEMSELVES. Let me show you some photos. Iraqi Army sniper instructors training more Iraqi Army snipers. The instructors are in the green woodland pattern uniform. Did you notice something about the instructors? Zero percent body fat. THAT is the defining characteristic of Saudi Special Forces. They're all as skinny as rails. Do I have EVIDENCE that the Iraqis were trained in Saudi Arabia? No. But beginning in 2016, Iraqi Special Forces began getting thinner and thinner. They also got REALLY GOOD. All of this is playing out in total secrecy. It's an amazing thing to see. Everyone has agreed to not talk about it. I'm positive that Iraq got help, but there's no evidence, other than the fact that in less than two weeks, the Iraqis went from having terrible problems to winning every single battle. So if the Iranians get help, it'll take the form of things nobody expected. And it will never be revealed..."
" WOW. The tomb of Cyrus the Great was closed during New Year's celebrations, and IRGC guards kept people away. When the tomb was reopened, these dancers blocked the path of the officials. The officials and the IRGC walked THROUGH the dancers, but nobody stopped the performance. Guess who the Iranians are calling the reincarnation of Cyrus the Great? Correct... "
" THERE WE GO. Susan Rice's lawyers respond to Grassley and Graham. ""The memorandum to file drafted by Ambassador Rice memorialized an important national security discussion between President Obama and the FBI Director and the Deputy Attorney General."" A meeting Obama and Comey said never happened, remember. Rice has confirmed that it happened. She just nailed Obama and Comey. Dead to effing rights. ""President Obama and his national security team were justifiably concerned about potential risks to the Nation’s security from sharing highly classified information about Russia with certain members of the Trump transition team, particularly Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn."" SEE? I told you. Flynn had to get into the system, and Rice helped. She told Comey, ""I don't trust that Flynn! Something kind of RUSSIAN about him!"" Just LOOK how concerned she is! ""In light of concerning communications between members of the Trump team and Russian officials, before and after the election, President Obama, on behalf of his national security team, appropriately sought the FBI and the Department of Justice’s guidance on this subject."" Except that Obama and Comey said he didn't. Rice's Revenge. And the lawyers are doing EXACTLY what we predicted: ""President Obama is blameless!"" ""Given the importance and sensitivity of the subject matter, and upon the advice of the White House Counsel’s Office, Ambassador Rice created a permanent record of the discussion."" Uh-huh. ""Make sure you write about this secret meeting that Obama and Comey will never acknowledge."" THIS is twisting the knife: ""The time stamp reflected on the email is not accurate, as Ambassador Rice departed the White House shortly before noon on January 20."" Trump became president at 11:47 a.m. And how do you get inaccurate timestamps on WHITE HOUSE e-mails? Okay, my two pals: Riddle me this. First the lawyers say the following. ""President Obama and his national security team were justifiably concerned about potential risks to the Nation’s security from sharing highly classified information about Russia with certain members of the Trump transition team, particularly Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn."" THEN the lawyers say THIS. ""While serving as National Security Advisor, Ambassador Rice was not briefed on the existence of any FBI investigation into allegations of collusion between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russia."" ""She later learned of the fact of this investigation from Director Comey’s subsequent public testimony."" So Rice's lawyers say that Obama and Comey talked about not giving Flynn intelligence, due to his ""connections"" to Russia, BUT Rice was not aware that the FBI was investigating Flynn for his connections to Russia. The FBI began its Russia investigation in late December of 2016. The Obama-Comey-Rice meeting took place January 5, 2017. Rice sent herself the e-mail about ten minutes after Trump was sworn in. Now Mueller can investigate Obama and Comey. Way to go, Dr. Rice! And of course, way to go, General Flynn. Our best spook AND patriot... "
" All right. So here's what's going on. All your questions answered. This is why Trump signed the omnibus spending bill. Final sentence: ""Assiri was with the crown prince in the states last week where they got Trump's support for the offensive against Iran, for their operation in Yemen and the rest."" ""Offensive against IRAN."" So regime change in Iran is on. Our military must now train like maniacs. We'll be working closely with the Iranians and their Arab allies. THAT is why we wiped out the Russian unit in Syria. We had to show the Iranians that we're serious. Trump is slapping China with all sorts of penalties. Why? Because we don't need their help in dealing with North Korea. H. R. McMaster is an expert on North Korea. In April and September of 2017, the USS Jimmy Carter returned to port flying the Jolly Roger, indicating the successful completion on combat missions. The Carter patrols the Pacific and specializes in inserting and removing special-warfare units. Trump has agreed to a face-to-face meeting with Kim Jong-un. ALL American presidents refused to do so, because that would show Asia that we consider North Korea an equal. Everything adds up: We've destroyed the North Korean nuclear capabilities. And now Trump is reaching out. We used Rods From God. One of the bombardments killed Kim's entire nuclear-weapons unit. So North Korea has surrendered. McMaster resigned, because he won. Now he goes back to the army. Enter John Bolton, a guy who has balls of steel. Regime change in Iran will require balls of steel. Ergo, John Bolton. Trump wrote this. That means the mullahs will be gone by September. Also Hezbollah. There's talk that Trump will use funds from the omnibus to build the border wall. Well, I suppose it's possible, but the wall pales into nonexistence compared to everything else that Trump is accomplishing. Besides, we're doing pretty well without the wall. Since wall-heads are never satisfied, and since they're angry no matter what, my guess is that Trump has something ELSE up his sleeve. Before the midterms, I think we're going to learn a hell of a lot about Democrat criminality. On a level that nobody anticipated. Trump will GO THERE. Trump sent this message to the Iranians. Thus, as I always knew, Trump has everything under control. He used the wall to distract. We've defeated North Korea in combat. They've surrendered. The mullahs and Hezbollah are next on the assembly line. Or DIS-assembly line. Best president in American history. When you see the big picture, you don't let pissant bloggers and pundits get you down... ADDENDUM: I forgot to add this: In September--after the mullahs are gone--Trump will have the giant showdown with the swamp. THAT'S when he'll veto everything until they give him what he wants. He hasn't done it YET, because we needed this time to prepare for regime change in Iran... ADDENDUM TWO: I got yer wall! HERE! That piece is from July 19, 2017. ""And at the end of a long and exhausting day (and story), that means Pentagon money can be used to construct a border wall."" Thus we have THIS: ""President Trump said Friday that construction of his promised border wall would start 'immediately' after signing the omnibus spending bill, which included $1.6 billion in funding for the wall."" ""'We're going to be starting work literally on Monday,' Trump said during an event Friday at the White House. 'We have a lot of money coming to the border.'"" Yup! I told you: When Democrats gloat, it means they're about to get reamed. For ONCE, Republicans played the game the way Democrats do. HA... "
" We all choose the road we take. works for the VA. He hates Trump so much that he LIES about him. Strong knows full well that Trump doesn't have narcissistic personality disorder. A person with this disorder can't delegate. Strong, however, uses his influence to spreads lies. Why? Because leftists can't abide dissent. I support while disagreeing with him on several major issues. How can I support a man while disagreeing with him? Because Roy Moore and I agree on the IMPORTANT issues. Also, Roy Moore is an exceptional person. He's fearless, he can't be bought, and he never gives up. We need MORE people like Roy Moore in Congress. Eric Strong makes a solid case that HE HIMSELF is mentally unfit to hold any position of responsibility. For me, Donald Trump is a touchstone. If you hate him, it means you're completely insane. By their actions, Democrats made Roy Moore into another touchstone. If you hate him, you're insane. Disagreement is normal. Hate is abnormal. I see no hate in Roy Moore. His eyes tell the story. As General James Mattis said, we need to get back to respecting each other and treating each other well. As long as people like Eric Strong lie and fabricate, I will ALWAYS support the people they oppose. It's a matter of principle for me. But in the case of Roy Moore, HIS RECORD made me support him. I also like him very much. While disagreeing with him. He's a great man who will make a great senator. Be well, Judge..."
" It's regime change. These idiots prove it. There's nobody--NOBODY--smarter than Trump. ""Iran’s leaders already are casting Trump’s increasingly effusive expressions of support for the demonstrators as opportunistic meddling and are painting the demonstrators as foreign pawns..."" ""Adopting a strategy that some analysts say could jeopardize the legitimacy of the nascent anti-government protests."" This is stupid on almost too many levels to count. Trump's support jeopardizes the legitimacy of the protests TO WHOM? The mullahs? Or the world? Kangaroos? Shellfish? WHO now sees the protests as illegitimate, due to Trump's support? The answer: the press. And THAT is why Trump did it. To manipulate the press into not covering the protests. ""Trump’s volley of tweets, hailing the protests only hours after they broke out Thursday night, contrasted with Obama’s more muted initial response to the 2009 wave of unrest known as the “Green Movement”... ""That followed the disputed reelection of hardliner Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as president."" HERE IS THE PROOF THAT IT'S REGIME CHANGE: ""Suzanne Maloney, deputy director of the foreign policy program at the Brookings Institution, said Trump’s endorsement could appear a 'kiss of death,' giving the government a convenient way to discredit the protests."" Trump knows that. So why did he immediately endorse the protesters in a way that could potentially backfire? Because THIS TIME, the protesters have help. Their ""legitimacy"" doesn't matter. They're going to win, no matter what. Here's a voice from the dead past: ""'President Trump is tweeting very sympathetically to the Iranian people,' Sen. Lindsey Graham, (R-S.C.) said Sunday on CBS’ “Face the Nation,” but added: 'You can’t just tweet here — you have to lay out a plan.'"" NO. This is entirely up to the Iranian people and those who are secretly helping them. If we ""lay out a plan"" for Iran, it'll be just like the good old days of telling an entire region what to do. The Iranians will LAY OUT THEIR OWN PLAN. If this is regime change, it's the most skilled operation in human history. The US is in no position to do ANYTHING except HELP, and only IF ASKED. “'These protests are very unlikely to result in a revolutionary tipping point for Iran,' said Cliff Kupchan, chairman of the Eurasia Group, a political risk consultancy."" ""He noted that the demonstrations in 2009 were much larger and better organized than those now underway, and had more clearly defined goals."" Trump, our Arab allies, and the Iranian resistance have all read Sun Tzu's The Art of War. ""The ultimate in disposing one's troops is to be without ascertainable shape. Then the most penetrating spies cannot pry in nor can the wise lay plans against you."" The best way to bring about regime change? Camouflaging your actions with protests that EVERYBODY thinks will amount to nothing..."
" I think I figured out what's going on. I blocked that guy earlier. He said he was a combat veteran of Operation Iraqi Freedom, but the man in the photo is wearing a Vietnam War-era T-shirt, and there are more olive-drab uniform items behind him. That photo was uploaded September 22, 2016. Another guy who hates me. Photo uploaded September 18, 2016. All these ""veterans"" started coming after me when I began discussing the imminent destruction of the Houthis and Hezbollah. I don't think these are Americans. There too emotionally invested in making people think I'm wrong. Why would that be? Think about it: Why would GENUINE American combat veterans give a damn what some old guy on Twitter was saying? REAL American veterans tend to talk to EACH OTHER about military matters. They don't search out civilians and attack them for having opinions. Also, these guys write long threads about me. I thought they were fake AMERICAN veterans, but now I think they're not American. How lame is THAT? What if all of my followers believed every word I said? IT WOULDN'T MAKE A DIFFERENCE. They have actual expeditionary forces rolling up their leaf-chewing maniacs and untrained cannon fodder, and they're wasting time on ME? So I misread the situation. I'm sure that these aren't Americans. I therefore apologize to Americans. I'm sorry I thought that these were people from HERE. They're from the world's largest open-air mental asylums..."
" asks a question. In North Korea, the Kim family and the Korean People's Army (KPA) are holding each other hostage. The KPA is the central institution of North Korea. The country's entire political identity is based on militarism. But. The KPA needs a central figure who serves as the face of the nation. So the Kim family has had to PROVE to the KPA that they can rule with an iron fist AND hold off foreign influence. KPA generals live in palaces. Some of them are bigger than the Mall of the Americas. The Kim family and the KPA are twin mafias. They extort the world and have done so since 1953. So what HAPPENED FIRST is that Donald Trump used North Korean rhetoric in response to threats from North Korea. This scared the hell out of them. Although it was reported that the North Koreans were asking for advice from former American government officials, you can bet that Trump let them know that we'd talk to them whenever they wanted. In the PAST, we set conditions for talks. A giant waste of time. Twice in 2017, the USS Jimmy Carter returned home flying the Jolly Roger. This signifies a successful combat mission. The submarine was modified to insert special-operation forces. ""Tunnel collapses"" killed the entire North Korean nuclear-weapons staff. Between January of 2016 and October of 2017, a total of 28 Hamas and Islamic Jihad attack tunnel were destroyed. IN GAZA. The attack tunnels are state secrets. Only one or two people two the locations of them all. Each tunnel is built, maintained, and ""crewed"" by ""nokhba,"" Palestinian special forces. Most of them were killed. So somebody infiltrated Gaza, located the tunnel, killed the nokhna, blew up the tunnel, and escaped. And they did it 28 times. Hezbollah's main South American financier and weapons smuggler was Jorge Rafaat Toumani, a Syrian-Brazilian. He was protected by the governments, armed forces, and police of Brazil, Paraguay, and Argentina. Rafaat Toumani operated openly, appearing on radio talk shows and TV. He was called the ""King of the Frontiers,"" referring to the lawless Triple Frontier. Rafaat Toumani was considered untouchable. Well, not so much. He had 47 bodyguards in eight vehicles. He was driving his own SUV. SOMEONE put nine .50 caliber bullets into him. Look at that grouping. The official story is that the gunmen were in THIS car IN FRONT of Rafaat Toumani. No. Look at the white pillar. And the back of his SUV. The ambush lasted exactly 30 seconds. It was commandos. No doubt. Probably 15 men who infiltrated Paraguay, killed the most-protected man on the continent, and got away clean. THOSE are the guys that the Jimmy Carter dropped off in North Korea. They directed THIS. The North Koreans had zero defenses. The fear was that they'd open fire on Seoul with their 13,000 artillery pieces, but my guess is that a few of THESE were hit too. And I mean hit by commandos. They did it in Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Paraguay, Brazil, and Libya. So I think they did it in North Korea too. My father always said, ""Speak to people in a language they understand."" The North Koreans understand only destruction. So they've surrendered. Those generals don't want to die anymore. It's one thing to send worm-infested soldiers out to die, but when silent men appear in your goddam PALACE and mow down everyone, it clarifies your thinking. Trump wasn't kidding around when he said, ""This should've been taken care of a long time ago."" We have allies who specialize in going into the heart of Indian Country, killing evil bigwigs, and escaping. Not one of them has ever been caught. So Kim and the KPA are transitioning. The Chinese will help. They're afraid of our allies too..."
" THIS TIME I'm 99.99 percent sure that I'm not being hoodwinked. Evidence of Kurds using antitank guided missiles with massively powerful fuel-air explosive warheads. ""Cubic structure of the gangsters."" ""A soldier stopped at the doorway."" The video shows that the entire building is leveled. The missile went into the window, ejected a cloud of explosive vapor that filled the room, and then detonated the vapor. The walls and the roof of the building were blown apart. The red arrow points to the JACKET of the guy who was standing at the door. It's the triangular thing in midair. The building collapsed. It pancaked. In the late 1980s, Israel began research into weapons that destroy using blast effect. Shock waves. But the Israelis lacked the funds to build prototypes, perfect the weapons, and then manufacture them. Beginning in April of 2015, I began seeing videos from Yemen and Syria that showed weapons that produce massive blast effect. The cloud of explosive vapor can be detonated in stages, DIRECTING the blast. The reason the Israelis wanted to create blast weapons is that they produce almost no collateral damage. Steel fragments from aerial munitions can travel hundreds of yards. Blast can be localized. Watch as a blast munition hits right in front of Iraqi Lieutenant General Abdul Wahab al-Saadi, Deputy Commander of the Counter Terrorism Service. Keep an eye on his hair. Ask any infantryman: If you're close enough to a general-purpose bomb for it to ruffle your hair, will you survive the storm of steel fragments? We have videos. The men take cover behind a wall and lie down. Impacts. The Americans and Brits take cover and lie down because of razor-sharp steel fragments. General al-Saadi remains standing because he knows there are no fragments. I've been watching combat videos from Syria since August of 2015. The Kurds never had these weapons before. That means the Kurds have VERY powerful allies. I hope the Turks take that into consideration..."
" AHA! Attention . ""Rogers has lasted beyond the typical three-year assignment for NSA leaders, and has played an instrumental role in building up the military’s cyber warfighting unit, known as U.S. Cyber Command, which Rogers also oversees."" ""Under Rogers’ watch, the Pentagon’s offensive cyber unit, once reliant on NSA resources and staff, will soon stand on its own and be granted the status of a 'unified combatant command,' on par with long-standing military units like Central Command."" ""And by the end of the 2018 fiscal year, Cyber Command is scheduled to reach full operational capability with 6,200 staffers across 133 teams."" The US military is divided into nine unified combatant commands. The six below are geographic. There are also United States Special Operations Command (USSOCOM), United States Strategic Command (USSTRATCOM), and United States Transportation Command (USTRANSCOM). So Rogers set up U.S. Cyber Command (USCYBERCOM) to be the tenth unified combatant command. It's going to split with the NSA. I went back and found the original announcement, which Trump made in August. USCYBERCOMMAND is a war-fighting unit, while the NSA is pure intelligence. Obama REFUSED to elevate USCYBERCOMMAND to a unified combatant command. No reason was given. Trump's decision will mean that the cyberwarfare will be purely the realm of the military. This takes cyberwarfare out of the control of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. Rogers was kept on longer than usual, and he oversaw the building up of USCYBERCOM so that it could stand on its own. I think we'll find out at a later date that yet ANOTHER government body was abused for political purposes. On December 23, 2016, Obama signed the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for fiscal year (FY) 2017, which elevated USCYBERCOM to a unified combatant command, yet it didn't happen until Trump announced it. One of the concerns in 2010 was that USCYBERCOM would be abused by applying it to the civilian sector. Under Obama, USCYBERCOM went from mostly defensive to very offensive as well. Rogers caught the illegal spying on Trump. My guess is he found some irregularities with USCYBERCOM too. That's why he stayed on for an extra year. To clean things up. And the press is hysterical over the word ""shithole."" Amazing what you can get away with if you're the right party and the right protected group..."
" Well...no. None of this is true. Israel didn't attack Lebanon in 2006 because the Saudis asked them to. Hezbollah attacked Israel, killing three soldiers and capturing two. The Israeli retaliation began immediately. Artillery and air strikes were used to cut escape routes, to prevent Hezbollah from taking the Israelis out o the country. what did Nasrallah say after the war? ""We did not think that the capture would lead to a war at this time and of this magnitude. You ask me if I had known on July 11 ... that the operation would lead to such a war, would I do it? I say no, absolutely not."" Now, what about the idea that the Saudis have offered Israel money to attack Lebanon? Laughable. Let's be honest about Israel: Israelis are conflict about even defending themselves. Did you know that when Palestinian terrorists attack with knives, soldiers and police are required by law to try and shoot them in the legs first? Did you know that until 2015, Israeli soldiers and police were PROHIBITED from using deadly force to protect civilians from rampaging Palestinians? Israelis are GREAT at designing weaponry. But culturally, Israelis can't USE these weapons. They undergo periodic spasms of national self-loathing, based on lies and propaganda. The absolute WORST people in the world to hire as hit men are Israelis. There's literally no way that Israel would attack Lebanon for money. Besides, the Saudis DON'T NEED ANYBODY TO DO THEIR FIGHTING FOR THEM. I had an idle thought a while back: What if Hitler had been left in his bunker, with no military support? Germany is occupied and then rebuilds, ignoring Hitler as he sits in his bunker, filling it with intestinal gas from his uncontrollable farting. Nasrallah sits in a bunker, yammering. But his troops have been pretty much neutralized. Hezbollah doesn't fight anymore. It makes deals. YouTube took down the videos, but they showed that Hezbollah has an unbelievably rotten level of training. In one video, Hezbollah used BMP armored personnel carriers. See the doors on the back? The driver positioned the BMP with the doors facing the enemy. Hezbollah jumped out, right into enemy fire. They all fell down, riddled with bullets. Then the driver panicked, and he took off, RUNNING OVER ALL THE WOUNDED. A drone flew down the route, showing us dozens of flattened Hezbollah fighters. It was a total debacle, all caught on film. Think about this: You can find thousands of videos that show Hezbollah. Find me videos of Saudi Special Forces in combat. This video is from 2009. These are Saudi infantry. There's one other that shows a Saudi machine-gun position, also from 2009. That's it. Here are Border Guards. There are maybe six videos that show Saudi men wearing civilian clothing, in the aftermath of ambushes on Houthis. These men are hunter-killers who carry only enough ammunition to deal with a small unit. Note the the three rifle magazines taped together ""jungle style."" The Saudis need intelligence, so they don't bomb infiltrators. Instead a Quick Reaction Force (QRF) goes in, kills the infiltrators, and collects their IDs or other evidence. Those men are probably Saudi Arabian National Guard (SANG). The SANG now has special operators. Border Guards have massive firepower, but a QRF has to be trained in counter-assault and elastic defense, as it's called. This is elastic defense. You lure the enemy in by falling back in your center. Then you hit the enemy from the sides. In terms of the fighting from 2015 to 2017, there are maybe five videos that show Saudis in the aftermath of combat. That's it. Hezbollah, on the other hand, is everywhere. See, in THAT video, nobody was shooting at them, so they were able to wander around in the open, the way they did. Somewhere out there is a video that shows them getting shot and then run over. Hezbollah pancakes. Nasrallah is farting uncontrollably in his bunker, like Hitler. Except Nasrallah is farting out of his mouth..."
" asks a question. We'll talk defensively and then offensively. First, defensively. Anonymous source = not true. Period. End of story. Trump lives by THIS. Every single day. Trump didn't do that once and then stop. He does it all day, every day. I didn't PRETEND to trust Trump. I DO trust Trump. So I don't go into a panic every four seconds. You don't say, ""I trust you"" to your spouse and then cross examine him or her every single day. If you do that, it means you DON'T trust your spouse. The press are lying, Trump knows what he's doing, and the rest of us out here don't have the information Trump has. So why the hysteria? It's an addiction. That's all. I don't believe anything negative until it was proved. Everything else is just background noise to me. As for OFFENSIVE news consumption, I use search engines to put in keywords. I find articles that tell me the true story. I haven't watched TV or listened to the radio in more than ten years. Yesterday at the eye doctor, they had a talk-radio show on, and a guy I used to respect was talk talking about how stupid Trump is. A person like that has nothing to offer me. I knew Trump would win. The predictions of a Hillary landslide meant nothing to me. The security consultant Gavin de Becker said. ""Always trust your gut. It'll never let you down."" I always go with my gut instinct. The only time I'm wrong is when I ignore what my gut tells me..."
" breaks a story. Now, if regime change was the goal, which would be a better approach, A or B? A. Huge demonstrations in Tehran, as in 2009. B. Smaller protests that few people took seriously but targeted the ability of the regime to strike back. Police stations, Basij bases, and government buildings are weapons depots. My guess is that IRGC banks also have weapons in them. THIS is some form of projectile. It hit a police blockhouse, but it hit high above the heads of the men inside. That projectile has the signature of a .50-caliber high-explosive incendiary armor piercing (HEIAP) round. We have videos that show firing ON BEHALF of the protesters. But this is not a civil war. It's ACTUALLY like nothing Iran has ever seen. In the end, we don't know what's happening. But it's VERY POSSIBLE that this is regime change..."
" The tunnel collapsed October 10, the day their disgusting political party was founded. The Norks didn't mention it. Everyone predicted a fireworks show. It didn't happen. The tunnel collapse killed 200. Those were nuclear technicians and their bosses. You know why the Japanese lost World War II? Technicians. Admiral Frank Jack Fletcher sank four Japanese carriers at the Battle of Midway. The armorers and mechanics who maintained the Japanese naval air force were all killed. These guys had ten or more years' worth of experience. It was impossible to replace them. Taking out North Korea's nuclear technicians would cripple their weapons' program. Don't underestimate two things: One, Trump's determination to end the North Korean threat. And two, the combined offensive military capabilities of the US and our Middle Eastern allies..."
" Here's how MEN can avoid getting blocked. Pay attention, FELLAS. It doesn't matter to me if you agree or disagree with me about my theories. I'm not seeking your input. WHY am I not seeking your input? Because you have NOTHING OF VALUE to offer me. None of you big, strong, manly military ""experts"" have studied any of this stuff. You have literally no factual knowledge. It's annoying when you tell me that something isn't possible. No imagination, no ability to take the long view, and no experience in any of the fields I write about. You're wasting my time. THEN, when your little penis tells you that have to INSULT me, on top of you being wrong and boring, do you think I'm going to stand for that? Of course not. I write for people with open minds. This is a hobby. Nobody has hobbies that make feel worse. Since this is my hobby, I set the rules. When you give me a bunch of STUPID reasons why what we're both seeing with our own eyes isn't actually happening, I block you. When you insult me PERSONALLY, I block you. When you refuse to admit that you have blooming clue what you're talking about, I block you. When you lie about what I say, I block you. Ask the guy who claimed I said that C-5 Galaxies were converted into strategic bombers. I never said that. And when you MOCK ME TO MY FACE, I block you. Go back and look at these rules. You know what they are? They're called, ""HAVING GOOD MANNERS."" I don't care if you're used to being a hog that scratches its hairy ass on fence posts. Take it somewhere else. I've paid all my dues in the following departments: The Truculent A-Hole Department. The Sneering Know-It-All Department. The Condescending World Weary Prick Department. And the Real Man's Man Department. Gentlemen, I'm not the right guy for you to use as a repository for all your unresolved male issues. I'm not here to compete with you. I HATE competition. Questions are fine. Being an angry running-to-fat lasher-outer is fine too, but you don't get lash out at ME. Buy one of these, and smash yourself in the head until you're all better. Them's the rules. Take 'em or leave 'em. I don't care. I will block ALL OF YOU until my Twitter experience is pleasant again. "
" McCain and Graham are 100 percent motivated by self-aggrandizement. They're not advocating anything thoughtful or helpful. We trained the Iraqis for eight years. On June 6, 2014, about 30,000 Iraqis fled from 850 Islamic State terrorists, abandoning tanks, heavy artillery, thousands of Humvees, and helicopters. We trained them in the western style, by screaming and insulting. It didn't work. It's likely that the United Arab Emirates Presidential Guard is the best special-operations unit on earth. Here's how instructors talk to recruits. Cultures are different. If you try a one-size-fits-all approach, you're going to fail. Period. Beginning in October of 2015, SOMEBODY trained the Iraqis so well that they took cities with over a million human shields. These cities had hundreds of thousands of booby traps and enormous killing zones. But the Iraqis won. I'm not a soldier, but my guess is that most military people would agree that these Iraqis look pretty darn squared away. The old commando always covered his head indoors, and he has a VOIP telephone. It's the Peryphon TA-1087 REG, an Israeli phone. I think the old commando is an Iraqi Jew, a veteran of the IDF. And I think those Iraqis were trained in Israel. Middle Easterners ALL know each other and how they all do things. It's clear to me that the Gulf Cooperation Council PRETENDED to do a lot of the stupid shit that CIA and the Pentagon wanted to do, such as training and arming rebels. But without telling us, the GCC sent commandos into Syria and attached them to rebel units. The videos show VERY advanced weapons being used very skillfully. The rebels who cooperated are the ones who will rebuild Syria. The jihadists got killed and replaced by actors who PRETENDED to fight. These guys are firing into empty buildings. All the real combat ended ages ago. Assad's side makes deals with whatever REAL jihadists are left. Even Hezbollah only pretends to fight. What the GCC is doing is working to prevent a post-Assad insurgency. Assad, the mullahs, Putin, and Hezbollah know damn well what's happening. They're being slowly eroded. So the mullahs keep ordering Assad to use chemical weapons. The goal is to make the US invade, so that the disaster of Iraq can be repeated. But Trump and the GCC are too smart for that. It's impossible to predict how long this will play out. In Yemen, the Coalition prepared the battlefield for two years. When the ground operations began, the Houthis got slaughtered. The GCC is using an idea that the German invented in World War One: Every soldier is trained in special operations, and each platoon has all the weapons of a division. Now, digital maps and VOIP and other forms of communications allow hundreds or thousands of autonomous ""combined arms micro teams"" to fight independently or together. They themselves work out how to take the objective. Basically, the GCC is itself waging an insurgency against insurgents AND conventional forces. The entire concepts of counterinsurgency and asymmetrical warfare are obsolete. This is called the ""Second Revolution in Military Affairs"" or 2RMA. Very few people have accepted it. An Israeli general wrote about it. The GCC made their special forces a STRATEGIC asset. Imagine Green Berets with tanks, artillery, gunships, and bombers. THAT is what the GCC has. It's not an exaggeration to say that the GCC is about 50 years ahead of everybody else. McCain and Graham need to shut up and retire. THEY are obsolete..."
" Just for fun(?). Iranian teenager Sahar Tabar trolls the world. She's using mad Photoshop skills and prosthetic EVERYTHING to make people think she's had fifty surgeries in order to look like Angelina Jolie. Now it starts getting great. Her jaw is getting razor sharp. This is my favorite. People are actually arguing over whether or not she looks like this. Nobody knows anything anymore. She's 19. It would take ten years to change her face that radically. She's a performance artist. This is what she really looks like. I'm sure she's a huge fan of Cindy Sherman. The real Cindy Sherman. People have lost their sense of the absurd... "
" ""Human rights"" organizations worldwide have lied FAR more extravagantly about the Saudis in Yemen than even about Israel. It's an amazing thing to see. But. The Saudis used Yemen as the mother of all strategic distractions. Although the holding action against the Houthis in Yemen is real, the Saudis don't defend themselves against the endless lies. By keeping the world focused on Yemen, nobody saw the troop movements into Syria and Iraq. This wasn't an exercise. It was a STAGING. We have no idea how many strategic special forces went from Saudi Arabia into Syria and Iraq. It's in the tens of thousands at MINIMUM. The paymasters for the media and ""human rights"" groups thought they were being REALLY clever. What actually happened was those paymasters gave cover for the Saudis to liberate and spread the ethos of the Reformation. Ha."
" My guess is that hundreds or thousands of Gulf Cooperation Council ""combined arms micro teams"" have gone into action. The apparent buildup of assets by the west is almost certainly cover for actual combat currently being waged by Arab strategic commandos. Only a few minutes ago I discovered something. Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham (HTS) is al-Qaeda in Syria. But it's not on the State Department's list of foreign terrorist organizations. Now, it COULD BE that the State Department is keeping it on the list under its old name, the al-Nusra Front. But that was TWO names ago. It's relationship to al-Qaeda is now totally unclear. But I didn't realize until today that HTS had absorbed almost all jihadist terrorist groups in Syria. Only a few remain. What if HTS is comprised entirely of Gulf Cooperation Council commandos in disguise? What if they didn't ABSORB rival jihadists but KILLED them? HTS's emir is Abu Mohammed al-Julani. Two photos of him ten years apart. He simply doesn't LOOK like a jihadist maniac. Under his command, HTS has been driven out of villages all over Syria. The people rise up and say, ""GET OUT!"" And al-Julani says, ""Sharia law demands that we obey in order to prevent bloodshed."" So my gut tells me that he's a Saudi agent. My saying this won't endanger him, because it sounds' insane, and al-Julani would have a Saudi Special Forces platoon guarding him. His second-in-commands keep getting killed. He's the only jihadist commander left from the beginning of the war in 2011. I thought the GCC was SENDING commandos. But what if they've been there all along...?"
" I know there are people who get upset when others make fun of me. Don't worry about it. I have the truth on my side. Check it out: New non-American cannon. I'm pretty sure I know what this weapon is. Metal Storm. A Gatling-type cannon requires rounds with brass casings. The rounds have to be LINKED TOGETHER. Then you need FEED SYSTEM to put the linked rounds into the weapon. All of this can break down, it takes time to load, and the rate of fire is reduced by all the mechanical parts. Metal Storm technology used rounds with no cartridge. The propellant was compressed gunpowder--for lack of a better term--which was ignited electrically. Each projectile had a lump of compressed gunpowder attached to the base. The advantage of Metal Storm technology is a theoretically unlimited rate of fire. Also, the gunship can carry FAR MORE ammunition. Since there are no brass casings, the gunship can be filled entirely with ammunition. The technology has no moving parts, so the gun can't wear out. One of the forgotten gunships is the AC-119 Shadow. I think the Saudis have gunships fitted with multiple Metal Storm cannons. The guns are fired in sequence, so there's never a problem with overheating. So don't worry about people making fun of me. These are days of miracle and wonder.. "
" Another question with a self-evident answer. What are Assad and the Russians claiming? THIS. The goal is to discredit the US. Look at the near-total lack of knowledge that people have about the Middle East and about geopolitics. Assad is on the way out. The mullahs are on the way out. They're doing desperate things. The Houthis fired seven ballistic missiles at Saudi Arabia almost simultaneously. Syria shot down an Israeli jet, and then Syria lost half its air defenses. But all we heard was boasting about shooting down an Israeli jet. People believe that they're told, because they are predisposed to believe it. So they believe in ""false flags."" Assad expects the Arab world to rally around him as the victim of an American plot. Look at Twitter. Plenty of westerners are already convinced that poor Assad is being set up..."
" My follower makes a claim. It's a STUPID claim, since he's saying that the US and Israel created the Islamic State. The Jordanian terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi created the Islamic State in 1999. The Orifinal name was Jamāʻat al-Tawḥīd wa-al-Jihād (The Organisation of Monotheism and Jihad). Neither the US nor Israel have ever supported the Islamic State. Saudi Arabia mobilized in June of 2014 to PREVENT an attack by the Islamic State, so we can rule out the kingdom as a supporter. ""Assad doesn't kill his own people."" Actually, the Syrian civil war BEGAN because Assad murdered peaceful protesters. Assad uses ""shabiha"" (ghosts) to murder his people. They don't hide their activities. Syrian Brigadier General Issam Zahreddine (center) used artillery on cities until they surrender. He's DEAD, Jim! As he deserves to be. Assad himself admits to besieging cities. He learned that strategy from his father. But this time it isn't working. Assad is an old-school dictator, so that means he's headed for the dumpster. The Gulf Cooperation Council is running rings around him as he gives interviews with drool on his lower lip. As for me being a ""shill,"" that's another old-school term. I SUPPORT Israel, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, the Iranian people, the Lebanese people, and the Syrian people. Soon they'll all be free. And that's a good thing..."
" Mustafa Tamimi was an expert with the sling. He lived in Nabi Saleh. This is the power of slings. Palestinians also use catapults. Mustafa Tamimi was hit so hard that the rock shattered, and he suffered myclonus, the involuntary jerking of his muscles. It means a fatal brain injury. The Palestinians did not release X-rays of Tamimi's head. That speaks volumes..."
" You know what's over, after at least 35 years? This. Involuntary martyrdom. Those are al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades ""shahid"" posters for Ahed and Zakaria Bakr, murdered by Hamas. The Bakr family was the most powerful Fatah clan in Gaza. Fatah's terrorist wing is the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades. Their color is yellow. Muslim terrorists--Hamas, Fatah, Hezbollah, etc.--allow for involuntary martyrdom. In other words, they murder you for their cause, and then they celebrate your ""sacrifice."" Watch the first few minutes of this al-Jazeera propaganda piece. Listen to the explosions. That's OUTGOING fire from mortars and recoilless rifles inside the buildings. NOT Israeli bombardment. Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad. As the human shields tell their made-up stories, terrorists walk past them. Another. The Gulf Cooperation Council first gathered together 350,000 men. Those men were trained to perfection and then sent into Yemen, Syria, Iraq, and Lebanon. They freed AT LEAST half a million human shields. Maybe a million. See, the concept of involuntary martyrdom doesn't include the mullahs and the leaders of Hamas, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, and Hezbollah. In Lebanon in 1982, the PLO locked entire apartments shut with hundreds or thousands of people inside. The IDF had to develop completely insane rules of engagement. Did it work? No. The world STILL accuses Israel of committing war crimes. The GCC analyzed this problem and solved it by training men in mass infiltration behind enemy lines. This was first conceived by General Orde Wingate in World War II. He was eighty years ahead of his time. After the GCC strategic special operators are infiltrated en masse, they use World War I small-unit shock-troop tactics, created by Major Bernhard Reddemann, Imperial German Army. GCC strategic special forces rely on deception, speed, and massive firepower. You think THESE guys can run? Human shields allow terrorists to develop moobs and paunches. So what happens when the human shields are liberated? The terrorists lose. They can't actually fight. The use of human shields and involuntary martyrs SHOULD have the entire world turn against Muslim terrorists, but it didn't. So the GCC invented ways to rescue the shields and defeat the terrorists. I'm pretty sure that GCC commandos simply walk into areas where human shields are kept. The commandos pose as terrorists. They have ""hush puppies."" What's a hush puppy? As always, they TALK TOO MUCH. So the commandos infiltrate, put the bad guys to sleep, hide their bodies, and work their way through the installation. Then they free the human shields. The days of making OTHER PEOPLE die for YOUR political goals are coming to an end. Did you know that UAE soldiers absolutely hate Islamist terrorists? UAE Presidential Guard, a strategic special operator. No greater friend; no worse enemy..."
" The press and General Flynn. Keep in mind that not a single person on the New York Times staff knows a thing about what's actually happened. ""McMaster says Trump is an idiot"" just came up. ""Trump hates Jeff Sessions"" just came up. ""Flynn is going to cut a deal"" just came up. That tells me to look elsewhere. I will do that right now, in real time. Let's see if I can find something. Found it. ""Iraq’s close ally Iran has already declared victory over Daesh but Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi said on Tuesday that he would not follow suit until the desert had been cleared of remaining militants."" ""'After the operation has ended, we will announce the final defeat of Daesh in Iraq,' he said."" So Iraq says the war isn't over. What did Hassan Nasrallah say? ""Hezbollah has stationed advisers as well as commanders in Iraq, assisting Shia militias in their war against IS, and Mr Nasrallah said that they would pull out once Baghdad confirms IS is beaten."" There's zero evidence that Lebanese Hezbollah had anything whatsoever to do with the defeat of the Islamic State in Iraq. In fact, Hezbollah tried to HELP ISLAMIC STATE TERRORISTS enter Iraq. At the request of the Iraqi government, guess what we did? Hassan Nasrallah is putting on a show for his followers. In reality, Lebanese Hezbollah had noting to do with Iraq's victory over the Islamic State. Now we go to Colonel Ryan Dillon, Combined Joint Task Force-Operation Inherent Resolve Spokesman. ""Moving to Iraq, our partners in the Iraqi Security Forces continue steady progress in their clearance of Western Anbar province, targeting Isis in their final remaining holdouts in Iraq."" ""In the past week, they have completed back-clearance operations in al-Qa'im, eliminating ISIS weapons caches, including IEDs and mortars."" There's your proof that Iran and Hezbollah are not involved. The Iraqis are using the ""island-hopping"" strategy. You have points A, B, and C. The assault troops go as fast as they can from point A to point C. Then the conventional troops arrive at point C to hold it. From point C, the conventional troops ""clear back"" to point B. This works because it cuts off supply lines to point B, and the enemy built all his defenses to face point A. By bypassing point B initially, you can now attack it FROM BEHIND. Hezbollah and the Iranians utterly lack the skill to island hop. It requires incredible speed, firepower, and discipline. You have to be willing to let the enemy exist in your rear sector for a while. ""Last week, there was a claim that Syrian forces, including Lebanese Hezbollah and Iraqi forces had liberated Abu Kamal, and I wonder if you had any advanced knowledge of that operation?"" ""We don't have information on that operation, I would also say that I think that there still remains a fight in Abu Kamal, so despite what was said earlier by the Syrian regime, I think that they have not liberated that area."" ""The Iraqi security forces, to include the popular mobilization forces, should be falling under and following the directions of the Prime Minister."" In other words, Hezbollah's claims are lies. My guess is the ""Trump 'n Russia!"" and ""Trump's an idiot!"" claims are back because lots of fun things are happening to Hezbollah, and Trump is distracting from them. Ha."
" Complex question. AS A FORCE, yes. But. Every year, the US has Exercise Red Flag at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada. This is the most realistic aerial combat training on earth. Participation is by invitation only. In 2011, the UAE was invited to Red Flag. They flew F-16s that are built to Emirati specifications and not sold to anyone else. The Emiratis achieved the highest score in the history of the exercise. They were given a special award created only for them. In Afghanistan, Emiratis were given the most high-risk close-air-support missions. They excel at low flying, strafing, and dog-fighting. The UAE is a tiny country, so of course it couldn't defeat us in a war. But they produce incredible pilots..."
" asks a question. Before I answer it, I need you people to understand something: I'm not like most of you. There's a wall between us. I'm not a hermit as a fashion statement. I don't take nine psychotropic medications as a hobby. YOU are like an audience in a horror movie, thrilled and titillated. I am the person IN the horror movie. You and I CANNOT COMMUNICATE on certain topics. This is one of them. You are free to read things and retweet them and share them and fret over them. I'm not stopping you. I'm asking you to not include me in your titillated fretting. now, if you DO include me, that's fine. I'll rip you a new asshole, and then we'll see how happy you are that you ignored my request. I can safely say that there isn't a single person on Twitter who's experienced what I have. My life is now down to talking to my brother, tweeting, watching movies, and collecting old postcards. See, the REAL world has changed in a way that I never imagined. So when you send me histrionic horseshit that is designed to make every afraid, it makes me angry. Everything that's GOOD right now is due to one person: Donald Trump. You don't appreciate him. Some of you do, but most you don't. What makes me angry is that you lead such safe, dull, unharmed lives that you have to latch on to shitty campfire tales to scare you. That's fine. But I want no part of it. Some of us do, in fact, know from firsthand experience how evil human beings can be. We have to take medication in order to live. Sometimes we live second by second. This Q shit is for YOU, not for me. It's the same as little kids in a tent with a flashlight, telling ghost stories. Some of us don't NEED ghost stories. We've got more REAL ghosts than we can handle. YOU are free to worry about all the scary things you can imagine. I've actually lived them, so I don't want to hear about them. NOBODY REAL tells others, ""Pray! Pray for your lives! Pray for humanity!"" This is GARBAGE. Trump is in control. He's been in control since BEFORE he became president. You're watching tectonic change for the better, and it doesn't register. You want to be scared. Fine! Be scared. I'm not like you. If you're insulted, I don't care. I never thought I'd see the kind of improvement I'm seeing. It angers me to be subjected to the endless need to sully EVERYTHING. I'll give you all a warning: My father was the most negative man who ever lived. By the end of his life, all he did was latch on to ghost stories. He'd tell me how afraid he was, and if I tried to calm him, he'd up and walk out of the room. All you Q people are headed for my father's demise. Watching that was horror beyond description. But it was real. Here's what I'd like to do: I'd like to put you in my shoes as I physically wrestled with a screaming old man, terrified of hell, out of his mind and raving nonstop. After a lifetime of PTSD, I got THAT dumped on me. So I'm the guy you come to with your fears. I'm HAPPY that Trump won. It's gives me the strength to go on. What you're doing is shitting on my happiness with your fake, childish fears. I don't want to hear them. You're like Conan O'Brien, on a resort, FAR FAR away from the real hell of Haiti, which is where I live. So are we clear now? My own experiences separate me from you. Ask any combat veteran what it's like. He or she will tell you. I don't care if you're sad that I don't share your need to be afraid. You have no idea what REAL fear is. You're being self-indulgent, and I find that nauseating..."
" asks a question. Meaning, the leaked photos of the Las Vegas mass murderer's hotel room. Two reasons it looks like computer-generated imagery (CGI): One, the photographer used a digital camera that created relatively low-resolution images. The resolution of digital cameras is a subject of great controversy. Camera makers say a high ""megapixel"" count gives you better images. But photographers say that getting better photos is MORE than the megapixel count. ""A well-constructed lens will prevent vignetting, for example, which leaves you with dark, cloudy images in the corners of your photos."" The hotel-room photos are vignetted. They're dark around the edges. So the photographer used a lens that didn't give him or her the clearest image. The lens is the SECOND reason the images look odd. It's a wide-angle lens. See the distortion of the two chairs pushed together to make a ""bed"" for the loaded rifles? The closer chair seems to be bulging at you. So you have low-resolution vignetted photos distorted bya wide-angle lens. Looks almost exactly like a first-person shooter video game. The leaked photos were preliminary, to give the cops a map of how everything was the second they entered. The resolution didn't matter. High-resolution photos were taken later..."
" Let's talk about my hatred of conspiracy theorists. I hate them because I've lived through stuff like THIS. I was born in Venezuela, which was entirely lawless. I've seen things that you can't even imagine. I have such severe post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) that I take nine psychotropic medications. That's the sort of load they give schizophrenics. Even with the meds, I have chronic nightmares, and I have to be a hermit. Being out in society is dangerous for me and for others. So when I see people turn suffering into a GAME and a way to CONTROL others, it makes me angry enough to take physical action. I've said multiple time today, ""Leave me out o you conspiracy mongering."" But they won't. Why not? Because this is a power play. I must submit. I must be dominated. Conspiracy theorists are fascists. All the conspiracy theories about the Jewish people--the blood libels--are a means to dominate and consolidate power. It's the same on social media. The people pushing conspiracy theories are looking for fame and fortune. AND something else. THEY want political power. And God help us if they get it. You know what a ""pogrom"" is? People get riled up by conspiracy theories and start killing. Look at the hate being expressed just because I want to be left out of it. ""NEIN! YOU WILL SUBMIT!"" You people have NO IDEA how bad things can get. Your worries are laughable. FEMA concentration camps? They don't need concentration camps. Guatemalan Special Forces called ""Kaibiles"" hooked up with ""Zetas,"" Mexican paratroopers and intelligence officers who became enforcers for the drug cartels. We're talking a few hundred men. In one shootout, three Kaibiles took on an entire company of Mexican marines. It was an all-day fight. The marines took dozens of casualties. If the US government wanted to terrorize us into submission, they could do it with 1000 men. The Kaibiles and Zetas--who formed their OWN cartel--use methods that would make Hitler's Waffen SS puke their guts out. How many of you conspiracy theorists have had someone's brains blown into your face while you were holding a teddy bear? This is why you people make me sick. You're safe--and YOU KNOW IT--but you're using propaganda to garner personal power. I ask you to STOP harassing me, but you won't. You're PROVING that I'm right about you. The goal is to force me into submission. You're fascists. Well, fascists commit outrageous crimes against humanity. I've lived through those crimes. You haven't. You're playacting at being tough guys and secret agents. What a load of infantile horseshit. I'll spend all day blocking if necessary. This is personal. You're not stopping, so I won't either. It's a contest of wills that you will lose. Let's get it over with... ADDENDUM: Here's another point. Why should I have to EXPLAIN to people that I'm not the right guy to bombard with conspiracy theories? Do you ever see ME demanding that people explain themselves? How about retraining yourselves to have manners? See, now you're all effed up because I told you why I have PTSD. Well, you wouldn't KNOCK IT OFF. You should hear the stuff that I'm NOT telling you. I can make YOU have nightmares for the rest of your lives. If somebody says, ""Count me out,"" then you need to count them out. That's just common courtesy."
" I'm going to tell you something about the Saudis: When the Saudis say, ""We are READY TO DO this,"" it means, ""We have ALREADY DONE this."" This is a multi-engine jet transport aircraft. Here's a C-17 Globemaster. The Syrian video stops before you can hear the whine of the turbine blades. My brother is the aircraft expert. I know SOME things, but he knows everything. It's possible that the GCC uses transports with modified engines that don't produce a whine. In September of 2015, Qatar sent 200 armored vehicles and 34 Apache gunships to Yemen. They never arrived. They actually went to Syria. The Saudis take years to prepare battlefields. Defenses are mapped, and supplies are positioned. So I'm confident that the Saudis have already begun ground operations in Syria. Assad, the mullahs, Putin, and Hezbollah will deny this, thus giving the GCC the cover it needs. And when GCC combined arms micro teams hide, you can't find them. Keep this in mind too: One year of combat is worth ten years of training. Every member of the Muslim Coalition will want to send troops, in order to get experience. I'm glad this man is on our side. The Angel of Death for sure... "
" Here's my theory on Obama: He was chosen because he's weak. His mentor Frank Marshall Davis spent a lot of time in Chicago. I think he knew Thomas Ayers, Bill Ayers's father. Obama had the skids greased for him his entire adult life. First Thomas Ayers and then George Soros. After so many decades trying, they FINALLY had a puppet in the White House! And they did a hell of a lot of damage. BUT. Ayers and Soros miscalculated. What they needed was a Marxist Donald Trump. But of course kingmakers can't choose men stronger than themselves. So they chose a resentful weakling. Guess what happened? The resentful puppet cut his strings and refused to take calls or visit or have anything to do with those who put him in power. WHAT COULD THEY DO? Nothing. The former puppet realized that his former masters had no power over him. So he spent eight years golfing, flying around in Air Force One, giving speeches, and basking in applause. The last great chance of cultural Marxism was squandered. Obama's rage allowed him to cut his strings, and his lack of interest in anything but himself made him indifferent to real change. Most of the damage done was carried out by Obama's fanatical minions. The former puppet himself was inaccessible. Ayers and Soros were unable to see that they needed a man SUPERIOR TO THEM. So they blew it. We then elected Trump and lived happily ever after."
" points out ONE set of reasons why this is done. The OTHER set of reasons includes the following: Mass confusion. Paranoia. And fratricide. The Gulf Cooperation Council can make you bomb your own people. And units are given bogus orders. Yesterday there were AT LEAST three incidents in Syria. And I finally found the unedited video of the jet transports flying low over Lebanon into Syria. You can hear the engine fans. T4 was NOT an air strike. The roof is intact, and all the damage is on one level. So it APPEARS that the Gulf Cooperation Council is beginning to wrap up Syria. It took over two years to prepare the battlefield in Yemen. At last count, there were 18 simultaneous ground offensives taking place, after two years of preparations. The combination of electronic warfare, massive firepower, and deception are unbeatable. We're lucky the GCC are allies..."
" Not worth the full 17 minutes, but the beginning is interesting. said this during her photo shoot. ""We have to move to Mexico today, because we're going to be federally prosecuted."" ""We're not surviving this."" And THEN, like Hillary Clinton, Griffin goes on to blame EVERYBODY ELSE for the fallout of her incredible screwup. I'm shocked that I have to say this, but you don't put out assassination porn about the president of the United States. If you are so stupid as to do that, you deserve EVERYTHING you get in return. Griffin fake-wept at her catastrophic press conference with former attorney Lisa Bloom. Whenever female political activists cry at press conferences, it reminds of ""Miller's Crossing."" Bernie begs Tom to not murder him. It's a great scene. Then we have this line: ""You make me laugh, Tom. What were you gonna do? I'd just squirt a few, and you'd let me go."" The leftist woman squirting a few lost all its impact almost twenty years ago. I didn't support President Obama. If someone told me--even today--that they were going to harm him, I'd call the US Secret Service. Leftism is all about lawlessness. Kathy Griffin engaged in a lawless act, and now she's upset that she's paying the consequences. I have ZERO sympathy. Remember this? The cartoon was about the giant chimp that ripped off a woman's face. I understood the intent of the cartoonist. But guess what happened? Leftists linked the chimp to the former president and made THAT the story. The corruption of the Stimulus was shunted to the side. I was a HELL OF A STRETCH to say that the cartoon was a racist attack on President Obama. Kathy Griffin's ""art"" is unambiguous. Here's what people on the right and the left have forgotten: THERE ARE CONSEQUENCES TO FREE SPEECH. There's is no such thing as an UNQUALIFIED RIGHT. If you decide to stir up crap, then have the balls or ovaries to accept the consequences. A lot of those consequences will be UNREASONABLE. DOXXING and DEATH THREATS are unreasonable. But nobody can STOP THEM. So again, ZERO SYMPATHY. I leave you with the words of Secretary of Defense Mattis: "
" Incredible aerial gunnery in Afghanistan. Missiles or bombs--I can't tell. The munition is aiming for the terrorists in the cross hair. Two more. Now THIS is something new. It looks like a helicopter drone. The terrorists are hiding in the rectangular structures. Then the helicopter thing comes back. And it EXPLODES! The munition appears to be capable of changing direction without turning around. It simply stops and goes back. If Israelis WANTED to massacre Palestinians, they would use THESE weapons. Keep that in mind the next time someone screeches about the IDF..."
" Let's see if I can write on several VERY touchy subjects in a way that allows people to grasp my points. I think this video explains why Ben Shapiro hates Trump. In 2014, I started debunking Pallywood videos that accused Israel of war crimes. Nobody else had ever done this by using MUNITIONS. This is the most complicated one. The Israel Defense Forces don't forcefully debunk lies. I understand why. This particular debunking made people hysterical. That's when I got my reputation is a lunatic. But my first followers were Jewish people and Israelis. When I answered a question on Twitter that yes, I supported Trump, I lost hundreds of Jewish and Israeli followers. Remember: Trump was painted as a Jew-hater. The reason I debunked videos accusing Israel of war crimes is that I'm VERY antagonistic to Jew-hate. When Trump first started out, there were about 5000 ""Alt-Right"" weirdos who supported him. Unfortunately Milo Yiannopoulos defended their use of Nazi-level cartoons of hook-nosed Jews by saying it was ""satire."" I'm not an idiot. These people hate Jews. But I separated Trump from the people who love anime teenage Japanese schoolgirls and Nazi iconography. AND I knew that the ""Alt-Right"" is TINY. But the accusation that Trump hates Jews STUCK. So I was forced to block hundreds of Jewish and Israeli followers who began calling ME a Nazi. It was pretty amazing: I was reporting my Syria-based death threats to the FBI and saying on Twitter, ""Sorry: Anyone who uses these hook-nosed Jew cartoons is a Jew-hater,"" but I was the one who ended up being called a Nazi. Now that I've seen Shapiro playing the Schindler's List theme when he was twelve, it all makes sense. He thinks Trump hates Jews. Nothing will ever change his mind. Ever. I initially tried to defend myself. ""Why would I defend Israel if I'm a Nazi who hates Jews?"" ""You did it to get publicity."" ""I got DEATH THREATS from the Islamic state and al-Qaeda."" ""No you didn't. You're lying."" So I gave up. Now, I didn't like the movie Schindler's List. But I wasn't the target audience. I also didn't like Saving Private Ryan. The best Spielberg movie is the one he totally repudiates: Empire of the Sun. Spielberg used J. G. Ballard's novel as the script. It's a line-by-line actualization of the novel. Therefore it's about PEOPLE. It's not a polemic, the way Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan are. I'm not Jewish. But when I THINK of Jewish people and Israel, the Holocaust is far down on the list of things that pop into my head. Back when I was trying to defend myself against being called a Nazi, a Jewish women told me that Ben Shapiro hates Trump. I said, ""So what?"" ""Well, he's a devout Orthodox Jew, so if HE hates Trump, that should tell you something."" It DOES tell me something, but not what that woman thought. I don't care who hates Trump. I think for myself. I have tons of Saudi followers. Not one has demanding that I defend my support of Israel, and not one has accused Israel of war crimes TO ME. I don't know what they THINK, but they have the good manners to not impose their opinions on me. We're talking about Saudi Arabia, so they stick to the subject. Shapiro's conviction that Trump hates Jews will override everything, forever. It's too bad. The ""Alt-Right"" weirdos imploded. They don't matter. Here's the deal: THEY NEVER DID. I'll end on one of the reasons I didn't like Schindler's List. It took too many liberties with the truth. Ralph Fiennes played Amon Göth. Here's the real guy. You can find Göth's hanging on YouTube. The rope broke TWICE. Only the third time worked. As I said, I'm not the intended audience for Schindler's List. I can understand how the movie impacted its intended audience. The problem is that Trump was painted unfairly as a Jew-hater, and for some people, he will ALWAYS be a Jew-hater, forever. I debunked Pallywood in order to fight that PRECISE MINDSET. And I got put on terrorist death lists, and then I was called a Nazi. So the ironies pile up until they reach the sky... ADDENDUM: Now I'm AGAIN having to block the SAME PEOPLE who called me a Nazi in 2016. You're proving my point. I'm blocking you AND the people who hate you. Pure madness... ADDENDUM TWO: Well, you're not covering yourselves in glory. My tweets about Ben Shapiro mean NOTHING. Time for you to go have a sandwich and a case of beer. Ben will survive being criticized by a total nobody..."
" points me to this. Red Flag is an invitation-only air-combat exercise held at Nellis Air Force Base and the Nevada Test and Training Range. They're jamming GPS signals in the entire American Southwest. This is the biggest Red Flag ever. But. The only foreign participants are the British and Australians. INTERESTING. I wonder why the British and Australians get to participate in the largest such exercise to date? My guess is we're making up for Obama, who treated the UK and Australia like crap. This also shows how Trump puts country ahead of self. Theresa May holds Trump in contempt. But clearly Trump has determined that this should not have an impact on our MILITARY relationship. Our military decided who was going to be invited. I'm sure that they didn't ""clear it"" with Trump, because that's not necessary. As for the GPS jamming, this gives you an idea of what electronic warfare (EW) can do. In Syria, the Russians bombed Hezbollah and the Iranians multiple times. They were tricked into doing so. Aerial EW platforms are amazing. Just one aircraft can eff up an entire army. Imagine what a FLEET of EW aircraft could do..."
" Now I have the answer to one of the things that was bugging me: How did the GCC blow up 28 Hamas and Islamic Jihad attack tunnels in Gaza? Qatar basically built them. So the Qataris knew everything about the tunnels, including their locations. This means that Qatar was a double agent from about 2009 at the latest. The GCC made peace with Israel in 2006. We know that because Saudi Arabia gave Israel intelligence on Hezbollah. Then Israel sold weapons to the GCC in 2007. Those two developments were tests. How will everybody react? Answer: No reaction whatsoever. So after 2007, the GCC began funding Israeli weapon development, to the tune of trillions. Maybe as much as $5 trillion. The GCC has always kept its true income stream secret. Israel was able to work technological miracles on a military budget of about $15 billion. If the Israelis were funded to the tune of $5 trillion, we can't conceive of what the GCC now has. The GCC is a minimum of 50 years ahead of us. Just one example: The Israelis created a stable projectile that travels at Mach 35, or 27,000 miles per hour. But Israel lacked the funds to go beyond the testing phase. Years ago, I read something about the rail gun. The article said that when projectiles achieve certain velocities, the kinetic energy starts building up exponentially. Here's the quote I remember: ""A projectile the size and mass of a quarter could destroy a tank."" The projectile wouldn't just punch through the tank. All the kinetic energy would be transferred into the tank. Nobody anticipated projectiles that flew at 27,000 miles per hour, because most materials would evaporate from the friction. But the Israel beat the friction issue. AND that projectile achieved 27,000 miles per hour in 1990. It's not possible for us to even GUESS what the GCC has now. It looks like the GCC is wrapping up their twenty-year plan. It's illegal for us to sell weapons to state sponsors of terrorism. What does that tell you about Qatar...?"
" Here's my favorite Fake Expert Buster. The video showed ""Syrian rebels"" firing a BGM-71 TOW missile. All models of BGM-71 missiles have controls surfaces. Wings and tail surfaces. This missile has no control surfaces. The red arrow shows a radio antenna. It uses frequency hopping spread spectrum. The radio frequency is changed millions of times per second, so the missile can't be jammed. The missile has no control surfaces and no exhaust nozzle, so it uses new, unknown control and propulsion systems. The warhead is a hybrid of fuel-air explosive AND fragmentation. See the puffs of dust on the building to the right? The steel fragments went through several feet of concrete. So you have a MASSIVE shock wave, and then razor-sharp fragments that cut through concrete. A two-man missile squad could destroy an entire town..."
" Let's see if we can figure out what's happening. First, a Pentagon press release. ""On August 21, 2017, President Trump announced a new South Asia Strategy."" ""The new strategy does not mean a return to U.S.-led combat operations."" ""The United States and Afghan sources indicate this fighting season has been more successful [for the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces (ANDSF)] than the last."" ""During this reporting period, the Taliban was unable to threaten any provincial centers, lost control of key districts, and the ANDSF retained control of all major population centers."" ""In addition, the United States and Afghan counterterrorism efforts against the ISIS affiliate in the Afghanistan and Pakistan region, ISIS-K, have dislocated and isolated the group in a small number of districts in Afghanistan."" What's the ""fighting season""? It begins in the spring and ends in the winter. Hey, look what happened under President Obama! ""Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid announced the launch of the offensive in an email statement that boasted Taliban control over more than half of the country, referencing a February report issued by Washington's special inspector general for Afghan reconstruction."" ""That report said that the Afghan government had control or influence over only 52 percent of Afghanistan's 407 districts last year, down from 63.4 percent previously."" So, under Obama and his foreign-policy adviser Ben Rhodes, the Taliban was making steady progress. The fighting season began in April, and Trump didn't announce his new strategy until August. But the Taliban was already being dramatically pushed back by August. I'll bet some of you already know what's happening in Afghanistan. And we have a photo that pretty much proves you concluded. This is a female Afghan National Army recruit. Just a soldier. That's a hell of a kick, isn't it? Two more recruits. Knee and elbow protection. So what's happening in Afghanistan is what happened in Yemen, Syria, and Iraq. GCC and allied strategic commandos are attached to the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces. Those commandos wear Afghan uniforms and serve as the assault troops. Meanwhile, the ENTIRE AFGHAN ARMY is being trained to fight as commandos. OUR function is to help the Afghans and their new allies win. We aren't leading the fight anymore. And there's one more thing that you may have noticed. "" A major change from our previous strategy is the shift from a time-based approach to a conditions-based one."" ""This shift underscores the U.S. commitment to the continued development of the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces (ANDSF), provided that our Afghan partners satisfy their obligations."" So, under TRUMP, the help is conditional. Satisfy your obligations, Afghans, or we're out of here. Under Obama and Ben Rhodes, we flew in pallets of cash...that disappeared. Hamid Karzai became a very rich man by criticizing us. He ran a protection racket. ""Pay me to keep from causing trouble."" By this time, the Afghans have seen what GCC commandos can do. Afghanistan will say ""So long!"" to centuries-old habits of corruption. YOU BET they will. Trump CHANGED our role. As Abdullah II of Jordan said, the US will organize a mission, but the locals must do the heavy lifting. This actually puts the US in a position of being ""told what to do."" Trump and his administration understand that we NEED the locals to tell us what to do. The Iraq invasion proves it. EVERYTHING has changed for the better. It's an amazing thing to see. So laugh at Ben Rhodes. He's a bitter, clownish failure wearing anvils on his feet and lashing out at people serenely and effortlessly cruising the stratosphere... "
" Syrian government troops have entered Afrin to fight the Turks alongside the Kurds. The US has said that we aren't supporting the Afrin Kurds because they're not part of the Syrian Democratic Forces. But the Afrin Kurds have stopped the Turks in their tracks. The Afrin Kurds are using thermobaric (fuel-air explosive) antitank guided missiles. ""The missiles are not American nor Russian, but thermobaric missiles we found on the black market and developed ourselves. The US said many times that it has nothing to do with Afrin and Al-Shahba’ regions near Aleppo."" These are VERY advanced weapons that you can't find on the black market. Commander of the Syrian Kurdish People’s Protection Units (YPG) Sipan Hemo said that his people have destroyed 11 Turkish tanks so far. This video shows the incredible power of these missiles. This is a PRIMARY explosion. The warhead of that single missile did this. I told you a long time ago that Assad doesn't have REAL forces anymore. He has Hezbollah, Syrian mercenaries, and the Shi'ite Foreign Legion created by Iran: Iraqis, Afghans, and Pakistanis. Assad's side needs ""street cred"" in defeating invaders: jihadists AND now the Turks. This street cred will prevent the disaster of post-Saddam Iraq. After the Syrian Civil War is over, everyone has to live there. If they all pitched in and won, then we don't have the insurmountable sectarian barriers that we had in Iraq. So all these guys show up to fight the Turks. They'll make videos of themselves firing machine guns Rambo-style. The Turks and Assad will reach a negotiated end to the violence. And nobody will EVER admit that it was OTHERS who did the lion's share of the fighting. Every time someone tells you that THIS or THAT development has thrown everything into chaos, ignore it. Syria is being managed by the smartest people alive. THAT'S why the Saudis welcomed Trump the way they did. He's doing as THEY ask, not what HE decides is best. There's tons of strategic theater going on. Assad WILL leave, but he has to be credited with multiple victories beforehand. People love to talk about Soros. He's nothing. The people who worked out how to bring stability to the Middle East did so by using unprecedented strategic deception. In Syria, nobody is who he seems. The former spokesman for the Syrian Democratic Forces defected to the Turks. "
" ""Mass shootings"" is a dishonest term. Everybody--and I mean EVERYBODY--decrying mass shooting are talking ONLY about American incidents, and only those that can be used by leftists to score political points. When Steve Scalise was shot, how did leftists react? So ""March For Our Lives"" rings hollow. The current push for gun control is 100 percent political. Not only do leftists CELEBRATE when conservatives are the victims of mass shootings, leftists NEVER CRITICIZE THE MURDERER. There's video of our newest young stars foaming at the mouth over gun manufacturers and the NRA, but they NEVER criticize the murderer. The murderer had a five-year history of committing violent acts at school. I haven't heard a single leftist say a bad word about him. Leftists always overreach. They push so hard that they turn people off. The Obama presidency was an aberration. BOY WAS IT EVER! GET IT? But what I mean is his election and reelection were outliers. Democrats are steadily losing power. It's because of the negativity, the hate, the hypocrisy, and the pathological need to impose their will on others. Just look at what they're pushing for now: a ban on the AR-15. The ONLY REASON they're doing that is to piss off conservatives. Try and find how many school shootings were carried out with semiautomatic rifles. They're deliberately hiding that information. Look at THIS site, for example. Why won't they tell us if it was a semiautomatic rifle or a bolt-action hunting rifle? If we're going to ban the AR-15, why won't you tell me how times a kid has taken one into a school and unloaded on everyone in sight? The answer is obvious: It's almost never happened. If we use the FBI definition for mass murder--four or more people killed--how many deadly mass shootings have we had at schools since 1984? We've had 16. Try and find out whether or not the mass murderer used a semiautomatic rifle at those 16 school mass shootings. That information is carefully hidden away. But I found it. I had to look up EACH SHOOTING INDIVIDUALLY. In our entire country's history, how many times has a person gone onto an elementary, middle, or high-school campus and unloaded a semiautomatic rifle, killing four or more people? Three times. January 17, 1989 - Stockton, California December 14, 2012 - Newtown, Connecticut February 14, 2018 - Parkland, Florida So don't tell me that this push for gun control is being done in good faith. It's bogus. Leftists don't give a tin-plated crap about human life. This is about politics. And THAT is a crime..."
" is taking us back to an earlier era. My brother says that THIS is the worst thing to happen to the human race: People want to be ON that thing, and they believe that everything is part of what they SEE on that thing. Because of TV, people can't think anymore. This is where Trump comes in. People now think that secret operations are carried out in the open. Sounds crazy, right? BECAUSE IT IS! REAL secret operations will REMAIN a secret. It used to be that military secrets lasted forever. I'll give you the best example I know. In June of 1917, the British created a ""bridgehead"" on the Belgian coast. ""Operation Hush"" prepared the area for a massive amphibious landing. To stop the landings the Germans carried out ""Operation Beach Party,"" also called The Battle of the Dunes. The Germans began sporadic shelling on July 6, 1917. This was to make the British think that nothing special was up. Just harassment. Then on July 10, 1917, the Germans hit the British with a massive number of specialized ground-attack aircraft. This specific aircraft--""Brünhilde""--is the most famous. The large numbers allowed the pilots to keep track of who was where. The aircraft was a two-seater. The pilot had a machine gun, and the gunner had a machine gun. The aircraft flew so low that the gunner was able to throw hand grenades down bunker doors, and so on. The hand grenades are in the box on the side of the aircraft. Each gunner had 750 to 1000 rounds of ammunition. The gunners were also given small mortar rounds to drop. The Germans called these ""flying mice,"" while the British called them ""pineapples."" These aircraft came back to base with barbed wire wrapped around the wheels. The aircrew often wore steel helmets and body armor. So the German attack began with wave after wave of these nightmarish ground-attack aircraft. As the the aircraft strafed, the Germans began a ""rolling barrage"" of artillery. The rounds ""crept"" toward the British positions. Five waves of German naval infantry attacked. The first wave consisted of the Naval Assault Detachment. This sailor is a Bedouin. There's no explanation given. All it says on the back of the photo is ""Sailor marked with an X is our Bedouin. A good fighter."" The Germans took the entire British position in 20 minutes. Now HERE is where the secrecy comes in. The Germans had a unit called the ""Pioneer Experimental Company"" (PVK). They tested new weapons and tactics in combat. The PVK infiltrated the British lines before the attack and did SOMETHING, but what they did is still a secret 100 years later. Photos of the PVK are very rare. I happen to have one. On the back, it says, ""In memory of the veterans of the gunpowder smoke at Le Roux."" The ""V"" on the shoulder strap stands for ""Versuchs,"" or ""experimental."" Some people also call it the ""Pioneer Testing Company."" Before I found my own photo, I borrowed one from a German guy whose grandfather was in the PVK and fought in Operation Beach Party. ""What did they do?"" I asked the German guy. The guy said that his grandfather--who lived into the 1980s--had sworn an oath that he would never reveal what they did in Operation Beach Party, so he refused to say. ""But everybody's dead,"" the grandson said. ""Right,"" said the grandfather. ""So there's nobody who can give me permission to tell you."" A full century later, the secret mission of the PVK is still a secret. THAT is what Trump is doing. He's returning us to an era in which people saw the big picture. We'll never learn what military operations were carried out during the Trump administration. And that's how it SHOULD be..."
" Wayne Allyn Root says the Las Vegas mass shooting is the ""new JFK murder conspiracy."" He's right. As in case of JFK, this conspiracy theory is pure nonsense. How did the shooter become Rambo overnight? He didn't. That's a lie. He took several days to get his weapons into his room, and he broke the window with a sharpened sledgehammer. And he was a terrible shot. The constantly changing timeline. The hotel communications system was terrible, and the the cops had to rely on it. The hotel had to manually reconstruct the sequence of events. They had to reverse engineer it. The Police Homicide Division isn’t Investigating the worst mass shooting in U.S. history. Bullshit. That's just another lie. Here are the names of the HOMICIDE INVESTIGATORS. Where’s the video? The hotel doesn't have cameras in the hallways or elevators, and they're not releasing video from the lobby because they're being sued out of existence. Here in California, lawyers were running radio ads, recruiting people for lawsuits. The girlfriend. She's like the guardians of the Florida mass shooter: ""I knew NOTHING!"" The question is, Did she break any laws? There's no evidence of that. Then suddenly we become mind readers. ""If he was planning to die on Sunday he certainly would have blown it on hookers and cocaine."" The cops said they found evidence that he was planning to escape. Sticking with facts is good. Then lots of extremely weak assertions about connections to the Islamic State. The Islamic State said the shooter made a martyrdom video that they would publish. They never did. The shooter had no connection to the Islamic State. Every single witness claimed there were multiple shooters. They ALWAYS DO. Not one video supports that claim. Then there's lots of hugger-mugger about the security guard. In reality his story didn't change. People SAID it did, but it didn't. He's dealing with incredible stress and trauma. There's nothing suspicious about his actions. The mysterious stock sales patterns of Jim Murren and top MGM execs and Board of Directors in the days before the Vegas Massacre. Obviously, they planned a massacre that would utterly destroy their company. Makes perfect sense. The autopsies. When there are literally thousands of lawsuits, you don't throw gasoline on the fire. The autopsy reports were released. And...nothing. no evidence of anything except a single shooter using one caliber of ammunition. Trump. Why hasn't he offered theories on what happened? Because he's not an asshole. Then there's total insanity about the Saudis hiring American mercenaries to torture Saudi billionaires. OF COURSE that means that the Las Vegas mass shooter was an Islamic State terrorist. ""We know nothing about the shooter, or his motive."" Speak for yourself, WAR. I know tons about the guy, and I know his motive: All mass shooters act out of revenge for perceived slights. THIS particular murderer was raised by a career criminal. Two of his sons consume child pornography, which means that they were molested. This is an open-and-shut case. The mass murderer is EXACTLY LIKE ALL OTHER MASS SHOOTERS. ""A 60-year old overweight nobody, with no military or law enforcement experience, became Rambo overnight, and without help, pulled off the worst mass shooting in US history?"" Where does ""Rambo"" come in? The shooter dumped 1100 rounds into a crowd of 20,000 people. The fact that 58 died is a testament to the murderer's NON-Rambo qualifications. On August 1, 1966, another mass shooter took rifles to the top of the Main Building tower at the University of Texas at Austin. He fired for 90 minutes before being killed, using bolt-action rifles. The Las Vegas mass murderer had rifles that allowed him to fire 10 rounds per second. He sprayed 100 rounds at a time. There's no mystery here. Nobody became Rambo. The shooter was a loser who wanted to be significant. There are VERY few people who can turn their back on society. Although I LIKE lots of people, there are only two on the planet whose opinion of me matters: my brother and . It would upset me if either decided to cut off contact with me. The reasons I would never carry out a mass shooting are that I know it would be wrong, and I just don't have a CONNECTION to others. I don't need to be seen as significant. My only connection to others is the fact that I can help people feel less stressed in this world of liars and fame whores trying to rile you up. Public figures need to STOP using the dead as props. It's obscene. And it's VERY bad karma. Those who make a carer out of using the dead as props? They always crash and burn. ALWAYS..."
" All Hail the Duh! ""I think if President Bush had made that kind of public comment, that would indicate to me that he no longer had please in my service."" ""People like the attorney general--like all cabinet officials--serve at the pleasure of the president."" SO WHAT DOES THAT TELL YOU? A screen grab of Trump castigating Sessions... Conservative bloggers and Fox News pundits... "
" , this has to stop. Leftists like you have robbed so many important words of their meaning. ""Racist,"" for example. The word was so overused that now it's a joke. NRA members are not child murderers. You need to read the book ""1984,"" by George Orwell. Leftism is now ""Orwellian."" In the book ""1984"", the English Socialist Party deliberately robs words of their meaning. These are the three slogans of the English Socialist Party. The book ""1984"" describes a ""dystopia,"" a world in which everything is negative. Leftism has become 100 percent negative. Gun owners are not murderers. MURDERERS are murderers. Yet you refuse to condemn the guy who actually murdered your schoolmates. David, you are becoming an opponent of civilization. When you try to change the meanings of crucial concepts such as murder, it means that your agenda is savagery. When you call ME a murderer but refuse to condemn ACTUAL murderers, you're saying, ""War is peace."" ""Freedom is slavery."" ""Ignorance is strength."" David, you will not be allowed to turn the United States into a dystopia. Barack Obama tried and failed. And guess what's coming? Attorney General Jeff Sessions said that he's ""dismantling the ability of the Executive Branch to engage in activism."" What's the best way to prevent the Executive Branch from ever again doing what President Obama did? Indictments. It's new world. The old ways are out the window. Leftists were spoiled for a long time. By attempting to paint ME as a murderer, David, you are perpetuating the lawlessness of the Obama administration. We are a nation of laws. If you hate guns, change the laws. Don't change our language. I'm NOT a murderer. Anyone who CALLS me a murderer is my enemy. He's no different from Josef Stalin. Your experience doesn't justify your embracing of Stalinism, David. In fact my OWN experiences make YOURS pale into insignificance. You are failing a test of character, David. MY experiences make me embrace honesty, civility, and gratitude. YOU are an extremely dishonest, uncivil, ungrateful young man. Your utterly obscene assault on gun owners is already backfiring. I wanted to prepare you for failure. You will fail on every level. WHEN--not if--you fail on every level, remember that a 55-year-old man told you that it would happen. I'm very good at predicting things. Donald Trump is what we call a ""touchstone."" He's also a diagnostic tool. If you HATE him, there's something VERY wrong with you. Try to change before it's too late. Once you become ossified, nothing in life will bring you pleasure. You're already almost there, David. We can see it on your grim, unfeeling face... "
" The ink and the way it reflects light. This tonal difference was not visible anywhere EXCEPT in this photo. The light and the angle of the book were PERFECT. Do you think I'm lying? Reaching? Is it a stretch to say that? Well, how many of you know of the Clutter family murders, subject of Truman Capote's book ""In Cold Blood""? This boot was linked to the murder scene by its prints. Guess what? ""Although technology wasn't nearly to the level it is today, it was through Rohleder's photographs that the discovery of a bloody footprint remained from Smith. This footprint was not visible to the naked eye."" The PHOTO of the murderer's footprint--invisible to the naked eye--was used as evidence in court to convict him. He was hanged. THIS discrepancy was not visible to the naked eye. My guess is that it would be admissible in court..."
" People are asking me how you knock out artillery with EMPs and microwaves. The North Koreans use self-propelled artillery. Engines, electronics, and communications systems are vulnerable. What you do is ""spoof"" the enemy radar to cloak your aircraft. Then you fire THESE. That video shows a prototype from 2013. There's no doubt that Israel and the Gulf Cooperation Council have production models. Mattis and Trump speak often about out ALLIES and our NEWLY ENHANCED capabilities. The reason this form of weapon isn't used openly is that the entire notion of publicly defeating a nation-state is disappearing. Every single war has resulted in unforeseen consequences. The smartest way to fight is secretly. If you have a leader like Kim Jong-un who is willing to go along, all you need to do is FREE him and PROTECT him. No war! In Iran, the PEOPLE must be seen as toppling the mullahs. We can HELP them, but it has to be clandestine help. As Trump said, no more invasions. I have no doubt that Israel and the Gulf Cooperation Council can take care of Hezbollah's rocket arsenal. But the problem is, ""What happens next?"" Trump and the GCC are thinking long term. The Saudis and their allies prepared the battlefield in Yemen for more than two years. As we speak, the Houthis are collapsing on all fronts. AND. Shia Iraqis like Moqtada al-Sadr can see that the Saudis don't seek domination. The Yemeni Army is fighting very slowly, in order to spare lives. All the accusations of war crimes are lies. Yemen has an almost unbroken history of warfare. The goal is to stop that cycle. All of this is called the Second Revolution in Military Affairs (2RMA). Super high-tech weapons and strategic commandos fighting in ""combined arms micro teams."" Imagine Green Berets with their own aircraft, tanks, artillery, and boats. Each micro team packs an incredible punch. They fight autonomously, watching each other on digital maps. In the Battle of Mosul, the Iraq generals mostly LISTENED. Here's a good video that shows a micro team in action. It's eight minutes, but I think you'll find it worthwhile... "
" Look, you have no idea what you're talking about. You're just repeating talking points. The Raif Badawi case is not what it seems. I'VE researched it. YOU haven't. Badawi was ""flogged,"" right? Ever see the video? Here it is. NO GORE. They used a tiny cane, and the officer barely swung it. AND. Badawi was padded. Look at his back, buttocks, and thighs. Videos like THIS began coming out of Saudi Arabia. The Mutaween NEVER STOOD DOWN. They were ORDERED TO, going back as far as 2011. Then King Salman disbanded them. Did you even know that? The stakes here are GIGANTIC. We're talking the stability of the entire Middle East. Appearances must be kept up for a while, but things are NOT as they seem. You're demanding things that can't happen. You want instant gratification. Well, we did that in Iraq. A three-week war. HOW DID THAT TURN OUT? Are you happy with the results? I'm sick of ignoramuses expressing their opinions to me. If you have no factual information on the topic, don't talk to me about it. You're wasting my time."
" True. I've been rethinking my view of how conflicts are won. Now, this is ONLY MY OPINION. Agreement with me is not necessary. ""Empty barrels make the most noise."" But what can an empty barrel DO? ""This is Trump's Benghazi!"" Well...no. The Niger story is fading fast. I've been studying the way the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) fights wars. This is the GCC. ""KSA"" = Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. In about 2009, the GCC created a new type of soldier: the strategic special operator. He and she belong to C6ISR units. Command, Control, Communications, Computing, Cyber Warfare, Commando, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance. The strategic special operator fights in total secrecy, and he ""hollows out"" enemy forces. This happened in Iraq and Syria. In Iraq, Shia militia loyal to Iran exist in name only. The militias loyal to the Iraqi government are an official part of the Iraqi Security Forces. The others are empty barrels. In Syria, the jihadist rebels and the forces loyal to Bashar al-Assad exist in name only. These are Assad's Tiger Forces, his best unit. It's all theater. There's only a handful of men, and they're wearing spotless uniforms. This is a modified Jordanian flag. What the hell is it doing in a Syrian Tiger Forces encampment? Two men operate the M-46 130mm self-propelled artillery piece. It ACTUALLY requires a crew of eight. More empty barrels. In my own opinion, VISIBLE victory is not necessary. If all your enemies are empty barrels, does it matter? The Democrats WILL lose massively in 2018 and 2020. If they choose to stay the course, they'll continue losing even after that. My own strategy would be to let them keep losing forever. The noise doesn't change the reality on the ground..."
" This is important. ""More forces will be committed to Hodeidah as a new front is to be opened in the next few days by Maj Gen Tariq Mohammed Abdullah, nephew of the recently deceased former president Ali Abdullah Saleh."" So this means EIGHTEEN simultaneous ground offensives in Yemen. I challenge any western armed force to duplicate this feat. Major General Tariq Mohammed Abdullah--nephew of the late dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh--is commander of the Third Republican Guard. On December 4, 2017, the Houthis surrounded the general's house. They had secretly evacuated the entire area and moved fighters into every building. The general's house was leveled, and he was killed. The photo captions says, ""Gen Tariq Saleh, a nephew of former Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh, puts on his coat at the Republican Palace in Sanaa, Yemen on January 10, 2011. He was killed by the Houthi rebels this week. Khaled Abdullah / Reuters."" ""Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces, met with Maj Gen Ahmed Ali Abdullah Saleh, the eldest son of Yemen's assassinated former president, on Wednesday to express solidarity as violence spirals in Sanaa."" So the Emiratis said that the anti-Houthi effort would be focused around the late dictator's son, Major General Ahmed Ali Abdullah Saleh. Five weeks after being reported killed, Brigadier General Tariq Abdullah Saleh appeared in public, alive and well. UAE commandos rescued him IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ATTACK ON HIS HOUSE. The general and the commandos spent three days in Sana'a dodging Houthi death squads. On December 7, 2017, the UAE commandos fought their way out of the city, encountering dozens of checkpoints and killing everyone in their way. The general was kept hidden for five weeks. Now Tariq Abdullah Saleh has been promoted to major general, and he'll lead the the eighteenth simultaneously ground offensive in Yemen. The port city of Hodeidah is the last entry point for Iranian weapons and resupplies for the Houthis. After the city is taken, the war will end quickly. What I just wrote about above is a perfect illustration of the new warfare. ""Ground maneuver"" is the military term for ground offensives. Until 2016, it was thought that special-operations forces could not engage in ground maneuver. I'll give you an example from World War One. The Russians had ""Grenadier Platoons."" They were assault troops. Special forces. Although they were so well trained that they always broke through the enemy lines, they were too lightly armed to withstand counterattacks. Attacks are actually less important than counterattacks. It's counterattacks that win battles. The CONVENTIONAL Russian infantry--which had all the heavy weapons--moved far too slowly to exploit the openings that the Grenadier Platoons created. Basically the Russians were 100 years ahead of their time. TODAY, the strategic special forces of the Gulf Cooperation Council have the firepower to fight off counterattacks. Therefore they can engage in ground maneuver. What's happening in Yemen is ground maneuver by very small units of men with the same firepower as an division. It's the new weapons. One portable woman-fired missile did this. Here's the size of the missile. It has the power of two 2000-lb bombs. New technology. Because these advanced weapons are so small and light, resupply isn't a problem. ALSO the GCC war doctrine calls for the enemy to simply retreat. In the PAST, a decisive battlefield victory was always required. NOW, the goal of the GCC is to ALWAYS try for a negotiated end to the war--AFTER pummeling the hell out of the enemy and letting him see for himself that he can't win. The GCC doesn't require formal surrender and waving the white flag. In fact, the GCC will help the enemy save face, IF the end result is a lasting peace. It took about two years to prepare Yemen. And now the Houthis are being rolled up, against ALL expectations. Except for mine..."
" asks a question. The umbrella reason is that Trump is the real thing, which means he intends to change our entire system of government. Every time a president fails, we hear the same thing: ""The US is too big to govern."" That's not true. Trump has DELEGATED control to his cabinet heads and other members of his administration. I think Nikki Haley is the best example. ""When was the last time you spoke with Trump?"" ""I can't remember. It's been a while."" Trump was serious when he told her to run her ambassadorship the way she saw fit. Same with Mattis, Tillerson, Pence, Pompeo, and so on. One of the greatest impediments to world progress is the US State Department. The career diplomats are now resigning en masse. That's GOOD. These are people who do nothing but eat, drink, and fool around. And talk. You know that ALL our members of Congress end up personally wealthy, right? Congress writes the laws that governs its own behavior. So the bipartisan ruling class is still doing everything it can to stop Trump. I can't remember where I read or heard this, but it's about exorcisms. The demon makes the most commotion right before it's forced to leave. Corruption is the new normal. Reporters use government and nongovernmental bodies as dating pools. Everyone is sleeping with everyone else. The Gaza War of 2014 showed me how utterly without morality The System is. I bought all the raw video footage that Palestinian cameramen shot on the day that Ismail, Mohammed, Ahed, and Zakaria Bakr were said to have been killed on the beach while playing soccer. I have video and audio of reporters colluding with Hamas to frame the IDF for killing the four boys. I ACCUSED all the reporters by name on my blog. Day after day after day. Nobody ever sued me. They couldn't, because I have the goods on them. They never expected that someone like me would figure out how to implicate them all. I did it by buying the raw footage from that day. THAT is the reason why I gave up and planned to never vote again. I saw for myself how governments, NGOs, and the press colluded with terrorists to frame Israel. The fact that four little boys were murdered? So what? brought me back from the dead. When I realized he was serious and would win, I began caring again. There are three others who brought me back from the dead: King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud. King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud. And Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud. They're the most radical reformers who ever lived. Except for Trump. All four are the same. You'll notice a lot of hate directed toward Saudi Arabia. It's because the demon makes the most commotion before it's forced to leave. We're headed for long-term peace in the Middle East, SOON. I have no doubt. You'll notice that Mohammed bin Salman has a special hate for corruption. It's because he KNOWS firsthand what corruption does. The reason everything seems so crazy is because THIS TIME, the change is real. So those who benefit from corruption, squalor, and suffering are fighting tooth and nail to maintain the status quo. Too late. The war is already won. This is the mopping-up stage. It may take a while..."
" I know this upsets people. But you need to understand that these are famous professional agitators. This is Ahed Tamimi. She's a blonde who suddenly began looking like a streetwalker. The Tamimis are famous for their degeneracy. Ahed was dressed in little kids' clothes and had her breasts tied down until she was 18. According to Palestinians who I know, she's already had children. By a family member. That's all I'll say. The Tamimis killed one of their own sons and blamed it on the IDF. Nobody in that entire clan cares about Mustafa Tamimi. I may be the only person in the world who wants justice for him, even though I'm no friend of Palestinian political agitators. The Palestinians--as a group--have no reverence for human life. I met a Palestinian man here. He's very nice. And he's HERE. That tells you all you need to know. What the Tamimis want is for their blonde daughter to be killed. SHE wants it too. But the Palestinians have lost. There will be no state of Palestine. More and more Arab scholars are pointing out that the Koran grants ""Palestine"" to the Jewish people. The Palestinians are defeated. Since January of 2016, a total of 29 terrorist attack tunnels were blown up. The Israelis blew up the last one, killing a senior Palestinian Islamic Jihad commander. I have no doubt that he was lured into the tunnel. The 28 OTHER attack tunnels were destroyed IN GAZA. It was commando action. The locations of the attack tunnels are a state secret. Each tunnel is used by one group of ""nokhba"" or ""elite fighters"" (giggle). Fewer than five people know the locations of all the tunnels. So somebody infiltrated Gaza, located the attack tunnel, killed all the nokhba, blew up the tunnel, and escaped. TWENTY-EIGHT TIMES. The Palestinians went insane trying to stop the attacks. They rounded up nokhba family members and tortured them, they murdered hostages, they murdered the tunnel diggers... Nothing worked. Finally several nokhba commanders defected to Israel AND BROUGHT ALL THE MAPS and other information. You know what happened? The nokhba commanders were having dinner, and THIS guy showed up. He appeared in the commanders' houses. Right behind him. And the nice young man said, ""I think you should go to Israel, and take all your maps. Go now. Right this second. Please."" Palestinians got spoiled. They fought Israelis for so long that they got used to insane rules of engagement. GCC commandos are not Israelis. So don't let Ahed Tamimi get you down. I don't think she'll live to be thirty. That doesn't bother me. I'll concentrate on the Palestinians who WANT IMPROVEMENT. God bless them all... ADDENDUM: The IDF finally arrested Ahed Tamimi. She's 19 now, so she'll be charged as an adult. If you live an evil life, when you die, you go to Nabi Saleh..."
" Assad is a state sponsor of terrorism. He is the enemy. ""He protects Christians"" is the mantra of the pro-Assad side. Guess what? For whatever reason, people have fallen in love with the chinless mass murderer. I don't have that problem."
" Big story, BUT... called it in August. He's probably Rex Tillerson in disguise..."
" Well, now we know. Our friend @Imperator_Rex3 had his account terminated. He used the same word as the LEFTIST in THIS tweet. Just to see what would happen, I reported the account. So did many others. Twitter has not terminated the account. Thus we see the double standard laid bare. The pious ""Safety Committee"" is here only to terminate the accounts of the people who refuse to submit to leftism. Twitter proves what I always say about leftists: As long as you pay lip service to leftist ideals, you can get away with anything. For leftists, the only REAL crime is dissent..."
" G. W. Bush never ONCE put the country ahead of personal relationships. He had a beloved Mexican nanny, so we ALL got it in the neck because the president wouldn't protect our borders. He secretly whined to Pelosi 17 times about the coming economic crash. To save her face, he never went public. MOST unforgivably, he let Assad and Iran send terrorists into Iraq to kill our troops. Bolton wrote that Cheney and Rumsfeld wanted to bomb the camps in Syria and Iran, but Condoleezza Rice objected. She said we needed Iran and Assad in the ""peace process."" The fact that they were murdering our soldiers? Well, we won't talk about that! Bush always caved in to women. His cowboy shtick was fake. I got so sick of weaklings who fought tooth and nail to be president and then bitched about how hard it was..."
" So WHY is Alex Jones weeping, and why is Michael Savage filling his diapers? These three sites took 105 cruise missiles. This is a new level of precision in American, British and French war fighting. Tell me why you have a problem with this. Today, multiple LIARS tried to mislead you in multiple ways. Let's look at the War Powers Resolution of 1973, which Trump used as his guidance for this strike. Here's the text. ""Presidential executive power as Commander-in-Chief; limitation"" THERE'S your problem. Congress is not allowed to limit the powers of the Executive Branch. This is why ALL PRESIDENTS have rightfully said that the War Powers Resolution is unconstitutional. But let's look at the text. ""The constitutional powers of the President as Commander-in-Chief to introduce United States Armed Forces into hostilities, or into situations where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, are exercised only pursuant to..."" ""(1) a declaration of war, (2) specific statutory authorization, or (3) a national emergency created by attack upon the United States, its territories or possessions, or its armed forces."" President Obama used the 2001 and 2002 Congressional Authorizations for Use of Military Force (AUMFs) to justify Operation Inherent Resolve, the war against the Islamic State that we began in 2014. Congress has done NOTHING since 2002 to change the way the president deploys our forces. Trump is using the 2001 and 2002 AUMFs to continue Operation Inherent Resolve. Therefore the strike on Syria met TWO of the requirements of the unconstitutional War Powers Resolution. ""(2) specific statutory authorization, or (3) a national emergency created by attack upon the United States, its territories or possessions, or its armed forces."" ""But Assad hasn't attacked our forces!"" you say. And you're WRONG. On February 7, 2018, over 500 Russians attacked US forces. We wiped out the unit to a man. THAT was the culmination of two years of attacks. We've had to fire on Assad's forces MANY times. The Russian attack was the largest in an ever-increasing Series of attacks on our forces. And then Assad used chemical weapons. As president, Trump had the duty to destroy Assad's chemical capabilities in order to protect our troops. ""What are we doing in Syria? Why are we even there?"" Well, guess what happened after President Obama did what YOU demanded and pulled all our troops from Iraq? The Iraqi armed forces collapsed TWICE: On June 6, 2014, over 30,000 Iraqis ran from 850 Islamic State terrorists. The Iraqis abandoned tanks, thousands of Humvees, heavy artillery, and helicopters. On May 14, 2015, over 5000 Iraqis including the Special Forces who we had trained for EIGHT YEARS fled from 150 Islamic State terrorists in Ramadi. A Kurdish brigadier general and his 44 men stood and fought until they ran out of ammunition. Everything that COULD'VE gone wrong DID go wrong. Beginning in July of 2015, the Iraqis tried to take back Ramadi. The Iraqis said there was no plan. Militias refused to accept orders from Baghdad, and the two commander were killed by suicide bombers. Everything stopped in September. In early October, the Iraqis restarted their offensive...and they won every single battle until they defeated the Islamic State. WE didn't do that. The Iraqis got no-strings-attached help. How do I know this? Because the assault troops were never filmed. Every single unit had reporters in it. Every unit EXCEPT the assault troops. They fought in total secrecy. We have only TWO indisputable pieces of evidence that identify SOME of the assault troops. Iraqi Major General Najim al-Jibouri greeting soldiers. And then an Iraqi brigadier general is given the adab by soldiers who pass him. Their rifles are in their right hands, so they use their left hands to greet him. Alex Jones is totally unaware of what's REALLY happening in the Middle East. The Saudis trained as many as half a million Muslim soldiers from the Middle East, Central Asia, East Asia, and the Caucasus. Trump's strikes are REAL, and they're entirely constitutional. BUT. They're also giving cover to 40+ Muslim countries fighting ON THE GROUND. As always, our president will take the heat. HE will be the target. This is the role he accepted. Because he's willing to do this, the world is changing for the better. This is one of the most important eras in human history. We should all be stunned with happiness every minute of every day..."
" My favorite movie is ""Bad Day at Black Rock,"" starring Spencer Tracy. Tracy is a veteran of World War II; he's lost the use of his left arm. He's come to Black Rock to find an area called Adobe Flat. Everyone he meets is hostile. They won't tell him anything, and they try to make him immediately leave. Tracy is looking for a Japanese farmer named Komoko. When he uses the name, people clam up or threaten him. The big cheese in Black Rock is played by Robert Ryan (right). He tells Tracy that Komoko was taken to an internment camp. Tracy doesn't believe it. So then Ryan goes into a rant about how much he hates Japanese. ""Loyal Japanese-Americans. That's a laugh. They're all mad dogs. What about Corregidor, the Death March?"" Tracy asks, ""What did Komoko have to do with Corregidor?"" And Ryan says, ""He was Japanese, wasn't he?"" This is my favorite movie. I've watched it too many times to count. Life imitates art. Those two young women are to blame for the terrorist attack, I guess. Just like Komoko was to blame for Corregidor. You should watch ""Bad Day at Black Rock."" It may teach you something about the mob mentality. What I resent is being put in the position of demanding that people be rational. I shouldn't have to do that. Last night I was told to watch a clip of the woman who tweeted about Muslims being ""out in force."" All two of them. The clip showed a deranged woman shrieking about CNN setting up Islamic State photo ops. So I asked the person who sent me the tweet, ""What does she mean by CNN setting up Islamic State photo ops?"" No answer. Yesterday I said, ""Islam is not problem. HISTORY is the problem."" I got so much insanity in return that I got off Twitter. Before I got off Twitter, I asked every insane person, ""What do you want done?"" The only coherent answer I got was ""Deport all Muslims."" That's like saying, ""Build cyborgs with pig heads to patrol our cities."" It's a childish squeal of rage. A fantasy. I expect people to be rational. When people are not rational, I block them. Don't ever tell me to read this woman's garbage again. YOU can read it, and YOU can go off on satisfying, impotent rants, the way you've been doing for SIXTEEN YEARS. But don't try to draw me in. I will block you immediately. Thank you."
" shows us how demented conspiracy theorists are. According to Steve, the CIA and the Mossad have only one woman who plays the parts of everybody, thus allowing the entire world to instantly see the attempted deception. Why do the CIA and the Mossad have only one female actress? Budgetary constraints? Here's the reality. Lies and insanity. Those are the defining characteristics of conspiracy theorists. It took me exactly four seconds to debunk Steve's moronic claim. Steve will smoothly go on to another moronic claim. If you believe in stuff like this, you're insane. Seriously insane. You need to be institutionalized for your own good..."
" Wow. I'll think this out as I write. Okay. There's ROCK-SOLID evidence of Arab and allied capabilities. We never see the actual combat, but we see the results. For example, every single important Iranian officer in Syria was killed. Just FINDING those guys was an immense task. And they killed ALL the irreplaceable Iranian and Hezbollah leaders. Here are two attacks on Islamic State leaders in the city of Deir Ezzor. In both cases, the gunmen had to go through Syrian army lines and then multiple terrorist checkpoints. They got away clean. Commandos have blown up 28 Hamas attack tunnels in Gaza since January of 2016. Each tunnel is maintained by a unit of fighters called ""Nokhba."" They're the Hamas special forces. The locations of the tunnels are a state secret. Only two or three people know where they all are. Each Nokhba unit knows only about its own tunnel. But 28 tunnels have been destroyed, and the Nokhba are being wiped out. Gaza is a police state. SOMEONE is infiltrating the territory, locating the tunnel unseen, blowing it up, and escaping. The tunnel entrances are in HOUSES and OFFICE BUILDINGS. Hamas went nuts trying to find out how it was being done. US troops are very, very good. But these Arab commandos are doing things that defy explanation. The last TWO chiefs of the United States Naval Special Warfare Command had to write open letters to the men. The letters said the men were talking too much. They were revealing weapons and tactics. Fame and money are motivating people to spill the beans. That has to stop. What the Arabs did was create units that are totally self-contained. Green Berets with tanks, artillery, and jet fighters. There's still too much rivalry in our armed forces. It needs to end if we want to achieve the standard of the Arabs."
" It's unlikely that conventional munitions caused a seismic event of this size. The videos show that a munition detonated all the missile warheads at the base. It APPEARS that a fuel-air munition was used. HOWEVER. My theory is that the Gulf Cooperation Council funded Israeli weapon development to the tune of trillions. Therefore we have no idea what kinds of weapons were built. A kinetic fuel-air munition may have been used on the base in Syria. Let's go to Google Patents. This is the first time I've done this search. We'll find out together if such a weapon was patented. And...yes. ""Missile with mid-flight oxidizer charging."" ""May be flexibly-deployed as a (a) conventional explosive warhead, (b) a thermobaric warhead, (c) a mixture of the two, (d) an increased-weight kinetic weapon."" So, we have a missile that is both thermobaric AND kinetic. Perfect. You just got to watch me do a patent search in real time. Now we know that a fuel-air explosive kinetic weapon was patented. My guess is that it's seeing combat ALL OVER THE WORLD..."
" ATTENTION SUPPORTERS OF THE SECOND AMENDMENT. Forget the Puckle gun. Instead, use information that the NRA should have broadcast from the rooftops. On April 11, 1777, Joseph Belton wrote to the Continental Congress. The US Congress. ""I have discover'd an improvement, in the use of Small Armes, wherein a common small arm, may be maid to discharge eight balls one after another, in eight, five or three seconds of time."" Belton wrote to Congress on April 11, 1777, saying that he'd invented the SEMI-AUTOMATIC RIFLE. Has anyone ever told you that? What did Congress do? Congress COMMISSIONED Belton to build 100 SEMI-AUTOMATIC RIFLES for the Continental Army. Belton wanted too much money, so the project never came to completion. George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, and John Hancock were PERSONALLY AWARE of semiautomatic rifles by 1789, since all three had consulted on Joseph Belton's proposal. Game, set, and match. The Founding Fathers tried to OBTAIN semiautomatic rifles during the Revolutionary War. Congress tried to FUND THE DEVELOPMENT of semiautomatic rifles during the Revolutionary War. So stop talking about everything else, and from now on, talk only about Joseph Belton's semiautomatic rifle of 1777, which the Founding Fathers TRIED TO ADOPT. Okay, NOW you can go back to the same crap you've been spouting for decades. YOU'RE WELCOME... ADDENDUM: Oh crap. NOW I get it, thanks to some tweets. The NRA never told you this, because if everyone knew this, there would be no NEED for the NRA. Their job is to rile you up and rake in the donations. Disappointing but not surprising. ALL activist groups actually want the problem to go on indefinitely. Well, I never joined the NRA. It took me exactly five minutes to learn about Joseph Belton. I wanted to see if the Founding Fathers had said anything about repeating rifles. So I Googled ""Benjamin Franklin musket"" and eventually found this. From there, I found the primary documents that PROVE that the Founding Fathers wanted us to have semiautomatic rifles. The NRA never told you, because they want your money and your membership. They should've told you about Joseph Belton. It's inexcusable..."
" A lesson in the concept of parody. This is not real. So why doesn't it work as parody? Because it's indistinguishable from the stories being written, A parody must be immediately SEEN as a parody, or else it's a failure. I blame Howard Stern, among others. He claims that every ugly thing he does is ""just satire."" As a result, people no longer know what parody or satire are. HERE is how you do parody: THAT is why I won't do more than one show a week, kids..."
" Last night I was asked about my theory that Michael Flynn assembled a team of spooks and civilians I call the Leak Killers. I forgot the most important part, which would allow the Leak Killers to bring the FBI and the raw signals intelligence (SIGINT) of the NSA: Barium meals. Canary traps. The Leak Killers can't go on fishing expeditions. Therefore SOMEBODY puts out barium meals. A HUGE NUMBER of barium meals are never made public. So the leak killers can identify the leakers by both the public and private barium meals. A barium meal allows the Justice Department to direct the FBI's Intelligence Branch (IB) to begin surveillance on leakers. The NSA is under the control of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI). Before he left office, former DNI James Clapper issued an unprecedented statement that leaks are ""corrosive to national security."" What Flynn had to do was to figure out a way to identify and shut down leakers without going through the politicized court system. The use of barium meals would both identify leakers and allow the agencies to keep everything ""in house."" Only about a dozen people would be involved in the actual leak-killing process. Here's some circumstantial evidence that all of this happened: Trump's DNI Dan Coats didn't take office until March 16, 2017. Mike Dempsey was Acting DNI from January 20, 2017, to March 16, 2017. Trump also had a temporary National Security Council that included Steve Bannon--who retains his Top Secret / Sensitive Compartmented Information (TS/SCI) security clearance. Barium meals would allow DNI Coats to handle everything without going to the now-corrupted judicial system. And remember: Nobody is being CHARGED. That means the rules are different. Flynn worked it out down to the last atom of detail. I have no doubt. The proof is NO MAJOR LEAKS. Ha."
" It was a GREAT idea, but it has two massive flaws: Eastwood hired REAL Hmong people, none of whom were professional actors. Unfortunately it showed. Secondly, he spend WAY too much time describing the horrors of war. I think the most effective war monologue ever filmed is in Jaws. The USS Indianapolis monologue. You go from humor to horror with no warning at all. And there's no self-pity. For those of us who know the USS Indianapolis, the speech is incredible."
" Gutless fabulists versus heroes. A fabulist is a person who makes up self-aggrandizing narratives. All mass murderers are fabulists. I'm hearing reporters gushing about the planning and lethality of the Las Vegas mass murderer. Pathetic. He had 17 rifles in his room, which he used on defenseless civilians. At least one rifle had a ""bump-fire stock."" We won't see these for sale anymore. The Las Vegas murderer was a gun fanatic. Now ALL gun owners will pay. This form of attack--breaking windows on a high-rise hotel and firing hundreds of rounds--is unprecedented. I'm a gun owner. ALL gun owners know that people are being cute when they invent devices to allow fully automatic fire. I'm perfectly happy with my semiautomatic weapons. I don't care if bump-fire stocks and crank triggers are outlawed. This day was bound to come. Gun owners were in total denial. Not me. Bump fire stocks and crank triggers allow worthless fabulists to pretend they're heroes. Mowing down the defenseless is not heroic. Meet a REAL hero. Captain Benjamin Lewis Salomon, a dentist with the 105th Infantry Regiment. Salomon graduated from the University of Southern California Dental College in 1937 and set up practice in Los Angeles. He was drafted in 1940, joining the 102nd Infantry Regiment. Salomon trained tirelessly with pistol, rifle, and machine gun. Against his will, he was transferred into the Dental Corps and commissioned as a First Lieutenant of the 105th Infantry Regiment. Lieutenant Salomon practiced dentistry in the daytime and trained on pistol, rifle, and machine gun in the evenings. He was driven. Salomon also exercised fanatically. His commander said he was most inspiring individual he'd ever met. Everyone loved Salomon. In June of 1944, Captain Salomon landed on the island of Saipan (red arrow). He volunteered to replace the wounded surgeon of the 2nd Battalion and took control of a traveling front-line aid station. At 5:00 am on July 7, 1944, about 6000 Japanese soldiers, sailors, and civilians carried out the largest suicide charge of the war. Salomon's aid tent was fifty years from the front line. The Japanese stormed into the tent from the front, back, and under the sides. Salomon killed them all. He shot three, bayoneted two, clubbed two to death, killed one with a knife, and killed the last with a head butt. Salomon ordered his men to evacuate the wounded. ""I'll stay and cover you,"" he said. ""See you later."" He smiled as he left. The suicide charge was finally repelled. The next, Salomon's body was found slumped over a machine gun. He'd killed over 100 Japanese, moving his gun four times. He had seventy-six bullet holes and bayonet wounds in his body. The medics said that Salomon had survived almost half of the wounds. The commander of the 27th Infantry Division turned down the regiment's request for a Medal of Honor. Salomon was a medic; they were not allowed to fight. In 2002, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld asked Congress to waive all restrictions for Salomon. They did. On May 1, 2002, President George W. Bush presented the Medal of Honor to Dr. Robert West, representing the U.S.C. School of Dentistry. There are no living relatives of Ben Salomon. ""One young man who was the match for one hundred, a person of true valor who now receives the honor due him from a grateful country."" So said the president. See, Salomon KNEW his fate. He trained fanatically to meet it. Salomon is one of three dentists and 27 Jews to have been awarded the Medal of Honor. He was 30 years old when he was killed. The press can gush over murdering psychopathic weaklings. I prefer heroes. See you later, Captain. "
" Here's something everybody needs to take into consideration. Just a few days ago, a CANADIAN superstar had to grovel and beg forgiveness for saying she would've voted for Trump. This has actually happened multiple times. is being HAMMERED. But he's not backing down. THAT is a great thing. Nobody has the right to tell others how to think. People are playing REALLY DIRTY POOL to try and control . He's calling them out on it. I'm absolutely sure that does NOT want to be considered the face of a movement. He's an artist who wants to work. I commend him for calling out the dirty pool. It's not right. This isn't about politics. It's about the freedom to be who you are, without having to bow down to others because THEY don't like YOUR viewpoint. Somebody said that what is doing doesn't require courage. Ask Shania Twain about THAT. is putting EVERYTHING on the line, in the name of the big picture. Don't kid yourself: It takes incredible courage..."
" A little background on this guy. He was Fox's go-to guy for talk about combat. He has no combat experience. In all the years he was on Fox, he was never right. His advice was to invade and bomb endlessly. This tells you how lame he is."" ""As an intelligence professional, I can tell you that the Steele dossier rings true--that's how the Russians do things."" He says that because he personally hates Trump, so he WANTS it to be true. Remember: Trump is a touchstone and diagnostic tool. If you HATE him, it means you're insane. THIS shows you how utterly vacuous Peters is: ""The result is that we have an American president who is terrified of his counterpart in Moscow."" What can you say? The US recently WIPED OUT an entire unit of Russians in Syria. We used STRATEGIC BOMBERS on them. This is Ralph Peters' great failure as a ""military analyst."" His views have no bearing on reality. He is ALWAYS WRONG. The last couple of days have been very hard, because I see so much insanity. That's why I'm working on my flamethrower documentary. We wiped out that Russian unit to a man because an example had to be made. I realize now that Trump WILL make a high-level example of several Democrats. Actually, I don't look forward to it. There's no limit to the insanity. Someday I'll tell you how yesterday, I was almost caught up in the next mass shooting, I'm pretty sure. It was a thermonuclear-level rage fest that was getting worse as I escaped. The demon makes the most commotion before it's exorcised, I know. But it's still very grueling to live through this period..."
" Since leftists are politicizing this case, I'll tell you the truth about it. Blaze Woodward was stabbed 20 times. That means the murderer was in a frenzy of rage. The man arrested is Samuel Woodward. There are reports that he's a conservative who owns guns, talks about the Bible, and loves the Confederate flag. All of that may be true, but it overlooks the ONLY salient fact: Woodward was experimenting with gayness for a long. Therefore he's gay. ""On the night that Bernstein went missing, according to the affidavit, he and Woodward parked outside a Hobby Lobby in Lake Forest. The affidavit also noted that Woodward told investigators that Bernstein kissed him on the lips, and that he pushed Bernstein away."" Why did Woodward react with rage toward an advance by a young gay man? Because young people are taught by leftists to hate gays. Every single leftist--man or woman--who sends me their little messages of hate ALWAYS accuse me of being gay. Last night, a Twitter engineer sent this tweet using my account. Young people are NOT taught tolerance. They're taught that being gay is disgusting. Just read comments on social media. The FIRST insult of leftists is to call you gay. Repressed gay men often experience something called ""homosexual panic."" When they realize that they're gay, they react with rage. On February 12, 2008, Brandon David McInerney shot his classmate Larry King in the head at E.O. Green Junior High School in Oxnard, California. King was taken off life support the next day. On November 21, 2011 McInerney pleaded guilty to second-degree murder, voluntary manslaughter and use of a firearm and was sentenced to 21 years in prison. King's family sued the school because the teachers and staff encouraged King to wear makeup and girls' clothing. They said that the 15-year-old was encouraged to be as flamboyant as possible. McInerney said he shot King because he was humiliated by King's aggressive advances. The other students AND THE ASSISTANT PRINCIPAL made fun of HIM, not King. Leftism indoctrinates young people in two mutually exclusive ideological canons: Gayness must be accepted, and gayness is so disgusting that gay people are subhuman. My two nephews are in their early twenties. They grew up saying, ""That's so gay!"" I attended fifth and sixth grade in Tyler, Texas, 1972 and 1973. Tyler is EAST TEXAS. It's not Austin. People had rifle racks in their pickup trucks. One of the kids in my class was the most flamboyant, effeminate male I've met. He ate lunch with the girls, and in the ""free"" PE periods, he played ONLY with the girls. Nobody EVER bothered him. They didn't even make fun of him. Why not? Because he was a TEXAN. When required, he played football and baseball EXPERTLY. His father OBVIOUSLY knew that his son was different, so he gave his son the TOOLS to live in a world dominated by straight men. When required, this kid would hit home runs and throw spiraling passes. So he was ACCEPTED because he was a red-blooded Texan boy IF AND WHEN it was necessary. On his own time, he sat and played with the girls. Nobody bullied this kid because he was too self-confident. I don't know how to play football. Actually, I don't know how to play any sport. But the guy with the ball is the ""center,"" and the guy behind him is the ""quarterback."" For some reason, the quarterback puts the back of his hand on the center's scrotum. So in Tyler, the very effeminate boy was once the center. The quarterback rested his hand on the center's scrotum, and the boy said, ""Take your hand off my balls, please!"" So the quarterback put BOTH hands under the effeminate boy and flipped over on his head. Lying on the ground, the effeminate boy said, ""Honestly, you didn't have to give me a WIPING just because I asked you to move your hand."" Everybody LAUGHED, even the quarterback. These were TEXANS. Even the gayest of all gay boys at that time did NOT require a safe space. And more importantly? Nobody even HASSLED that effeminate boy, much less MURDERED him. Leftism fans the flames of anti-gay violence. Because leftists think that gays are disgusting. This is what people do when they HATE. If we're going to politicize this latest murder, let's make sure to blame the party that ACTUALLY CONTRIBUTED to it happening..."
" A word about . He explains everything in this interview. Some of you will latch on to his comments about Michael Jackson. You need to understand something: Every victim of this sort of assault is entitled to deal with it in his or her own way. You don't HELP people by making demands. The fact that Feldman is STILL ABOVE GROUND and STILL WORKING shows that he's FAR stronger than most of us. The way the system works is that the onus is on the VICTIMS to come forward. ""If you don't come forward, YOU'RE to blame for the victimization of others."" NO. The predator is to blame. AND. We don't know what Feldman has done or said behind the scenes. You can't imagine the burden on this man's shoulders. He's a hell of an actor. He can do anything. ""The 'Burbs"" is my favorite Feldman performance, because he adds a strange warmth and earnestness to the character. To ME, Feldman is not defined by his experiences. I know that people took issue with me when I said that to another actor. My point is that Feldman has been working for 41 years. He owes us nothing when it comes to details. This is a flesh-and-blood man who was dealt one of the worst hands you could imagine, but he triumphed. He said, ""I WILL LIVE."" We MAY be seeing the dismantling of the system that universally abuses young men and women in Hollywood. If that happens, Corey Feldman will continue working, because artists must perform. It's who they are. That will be the final triumph. The networks are demolished, that predators eradicated, and... Corey Feldman remains standing and performing. So be proud of Mr. Feldman. He is indeed a man of great courage. However. Much of the courage manifests itself in a refusal to be DEFINED by his experiences. THAT is even harder than simply living. Believe me. "
" I'll give you some examples. Chelsea Manning. Manning is deeply mentally ill. She (why not?) is currently calling for ""direct action,"" which is leftist code for terrorism. Bill Ayers speaks endlessly about ""direct action."" Protests alone are not enough. Manning had a history of PHYSICALLY ASSAULTING superior officers. Immediate superiors recommended that he NOT be sent overseas. But because Manning had become a gay icon, the army gave him a security clearance and sent him overseas. Another case: Colonel Harry Tunnell IV (right), commander, 5th Brigade, 2nd Infantry Division. He told his superiors that he was going to fight his own way in Afghanistan, ignoring international humanitarian law. His superiors recommended that Tunnell not be sent overseas, but they were overruled, due to Tunnell's race. The result was the Kill Team, 3rd Platoon, Bravo Company, 2nd Battalion, 1st Infantry Regiment, 5th Brigade, 2nd Infantry Division. They murdered at least three Afghan civilians, cut off body parts to keep as trophies, and posed for photos with the corpses. The soldier who exposed the murders AND the relatives of the murderers were initially ignored by the army. Tunnell was cleared of any wrongdoing, but subsequent reports indicate that pretty much everyone knew he was unfit. And finally, the Fort Hood mass murderer, who was an OPEN Al-QAEDA SUPPORTER. At military psychiatric conventions, the mass murderer gave slide shows supporting suicide bombings. The army did nothing because he was the only Muslim psychiatrist in the service. After the mass shooting, this is what Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army General George Casey said: ""As horrific as this tragedy was, if our diversity becomes a casualty, I think that’s worse."" No. A mass shooting is exponentially worse. How can diversity ""become a casualty""? The army takes what it gets. If we have an all-white army, so be it. Same for an all-black or all-Hispanic army. Back to the Fort Hood mass shooting. Did you know that the shooter was sentenced to death on August 28, 2013? Almost no coverage, huh? Did you hear about this? As Trump said, we need an overhaul of the armed forces. What I wrote about above is almost beyond belief. But it's all TRUE."
" Absolutely magnificent choreography and deception from September 24, 2017, in Raqqa, Syria. First, the video. These are Arabs of the Syrian Democratic Forces. We begin with a commander on the right, carrying a cell phone. You're going to see a lot of this. A man beckons and looks back at the camera. The commander makes a hand signal to the camera. They were beckoning to a pickup. As it passes the camera, the driver holds up a black T-shirt to hide his face. The man on the right has custom molded earplugs. The plugs were made for his ears and his ears alone. A guy with a sledgehammer says, ""We're gonna kick their butts!"" or something similar. Wait a minute! The guy carrying the rocket propelled grenades is actually the commander! Wait a second! Sledgehammer Guy has a radio. He's a commander too! Hello, man in a gray shirt. Wait a minute! The guy on the left was with the commander earlier! A handsome machine gunner. Wait a minute! Sledgehammer Guy is now shooting rocket-propelled grenades, and he has earplugs. And Man in a Gray Shirt is with them! A GLORIOUS unibrow. This is NOT a Syrian Arab. What's so funny, pal? I thought war was serious business. Another non-Syrian on the right. Look! It's Handsome Machine Gunner again on the right! And at the fade-out, we see ANOTHER non-Syrian on the right. Finally, Sledgehammer Guy on the left gives orders as he goes off to do all the work somewhere else. And Glorious Unibrow Guy studiously avoids the camera. ZERO percent body fat on every man in the video, regardless of his age. All it took was five guys to make a video that looked like an entire platoon was fighting. DECEPTION is actually MORE valuable than the ability to kill. Kudos to all these happy men... ADDENDUM: I thought I was clear: This is Syrian and GCC equivalent of the Ghost Army. They do it on the BATTLEFIELD, not behind the lines. "
" Remember: LOTS OF CONFUSION will be come out of this. But. That sounds like a gun battle to me. Two completely different weapons, and one person has much better training than the other. There are no people out of the street. It could be that the security forces opened fire, and now someone is returning fire. Or this could all be disinformation. There's no way to know..."
" asks a question. Well, I survived the IRA bombing of Regent's Park on July 20, 1982. It made me become obsessed with terrorism and counter-terrorism. I studied it almost every day. This made me very familiar with the Israel Defense Forces, of course. They carried out AMAZING counter-terror operations. Then in June of 2015, I read that fifty unidentified Arab special operators were landed in Aden, Yemen, in May of that year. The Houthis--Ansar Allah, or Supporters of God--had taken over all of western Yemen except for Little Aden (red) and Crater (green). The Houthis are maniacs. This is their flag. God is Great Death to America Death to Israel Curse on the Jews Victory to Islam They say that through their mouthfuls of leaves whenever they blow up an empty tank or ambush middle-aged Border Guards. DISGUSTING people. By May of 2015, Little Aden and Crater were still holding out, defended by soldiers, tribal fighters, and armed civilians. So fifty Arab special forces were landed, and they split into two groups. One went to Little Aden and one to Crater. These fifty guys held off about 40,000 Houthis until August 4, 2015, when thousands of armored vehicles broke out of Little Aden and Crater. So we had fifty men holding off 40,000, and then the largest amphibious landing in the history of the Middle East, done in total secrecy. Stunning stuff. So I started researching. I read everything I could, and then I did patent searches. Nobody does patent searches to try and figure out geopolitics. What I realized was that the Arab special forces were using such advanced weaponry that there weren't even position papers on them. This was totally secret stuff. Nobody had ever talked about it. I realized that the videos coming out of Syria didn't show what was claimed. This one, for example, is said to show the work of Islamist rebels. Well, no. The explosion was directed DOWNWARD. It's a fuel-air explosive (FAE). Explosive vapor. No fragments were created. Here's the shadow of the munition. It's a tiny, stubby missile. All the conflicts--Yemen, Syria, Iraq--show the use of incredibly advanced weapons. But even more important than munitions is the wildly advanced electronic warfare (EW) capabilities. I traced all the initial research into everything back to Israel. I knew that the Saudis had given Israel intelligence in 2006, and I knew that Israel had sold weapons to Arab nations in 2007. So the only answer to all of this is that the Gulf Cooperation Council funded Israeli weapon development to the tune of trillions. The GCC has never admitted how much money it has. It's quite possible that the GCC ponied up $5 trillion. That would mean weapons 50 years ahead of ours. At the same time, the GCC created ""strategic special forces,"" men capable of winning wars on their own. I'm a huge supporter of the GCC because they've invented a new form of warfare: The wage war on MILITARY OBJECTS, not people. Of course SOME people have to be killed, but the videos show weapons designed to spare even combatants. As a military historian, I'm blown away almost daily. We're talking the best soldiers in human history. They seem capable of ANYTHING. I study modern warfare. These are probably the first modern-era soldiers with none of failings that pop up in every armed force. Every modern armed force has had discipline problems, atrocity problems, leadership problems, and so on. Helmuth von Moltke the Elder said, ""No battle plan ever survives contact with the enemy.” We say, ""The enemy gets a vote."" Neither seem to apply to GCC strategic special forces. People think i'm giving them too much credit. Well, explain how fifty of them crossed from Turkey into Kobane in 2014 and killed all the Islamic State commanders in two weeks. How were these armored vehicles landed in secret? How were the MASSIVE underground Islamic State installations taken intact? How were 500,000+ human shields rescued? I have no idea how these guys win so effortlessly. They're simply not like any other soldiers who came before them. They're a NEW SOLDIER. For a military historian, this is incredible stuff. Every day is Christmas for me..."
" Aha! Now I know what this means. Why was ""tapes"" in quotations marks? Because Trump was NOT referring to actual recordings of the conversations. It's clear to me now that Michael Flynn installed a team of DIA spooks and tech-savvy civilians who all got Top Secret / Sensitive Compartmented Information (TS/SCI) security clearances. You DON'T lose your security clearance when you're fired. Flynn was fired, and then H. R. McMaster ""fired"" Flynn's staff. They all retained their TS/SCI clearances. These clearances can be provided by the Department of Defense, the State Department, the Department of Energy, and the Department of Homeland Security. So the Intelligence community couldn't stop Flynn from assembling a team of Leak Killers. Flynn knowingly did things that put him at risk of prison, but this served two purposes: One, it made FLYNN the story, and two, it TOTALLY distracted from the Leak Killers. Trump is doing amazing things in terms of geopolitics, but he hasn't had A SINGLE INTELLIGENCE LEAK. The only person allowed to supply others with raw signals intelligence--(SIGINT)--is NSA Director Admiral Mike Rogers. SIGINT is phone calls, e-mails, and text messages. The Obama administration smeared Rogers by saying he ran to Trump tower to plead for his job. Clapper and Ash Carter recommended that he be fired. There's ZERO chance that Rogers did that. He's a pro. But the smear made him angry. So Rogers is providing raw SIGINT to the Leak Killers. They have EVERY REASON to get it. Leaks of classified intelligence are ILLEGAL. Trump was talking about SIGINT being given to the Leak Killers. That's why he said ""tapes."" He meant communications between the leakers and the press. Everything is now falling into place. So to speak. I won't speculate on ANYTHING or ANYBODY except for Flynn. He DID recruit the Leak Killers and put them in place. The total lack of intelligence leaks proves it. Everything else is based on ""reports."" Remember: Mike Rogers creates barium meals by feeding leakers bogus reports. The Leak Killers get the REAL story, directly from Rogers. The reason the Leak Killers are so effective is that they have raw SIGINT, there are only a handful of them, and they care only about the country. They're the new Untouchables. So THAT'S what Trump was talking about. SIGINT in the hands of the Leak Killers..."
" THERE WE GO. Snoop Dogg Hogg Pollywog Whatever performs the role of slave-catcher for the Democratic plantation. This guy paints himself as the ultimate badass, when in reality he grovels to his masters. Is this what you WANT, black America? Snoop Pollywog is ACTUALLY SAYING that independent thought is ""white."" You know what it's called when you say a person is incapable of independent thought because of his skin color? It's called ""racism."" Snoop Pollywog is saying that black people are incapable of independent thought. So the ultimate black gangsta badass is actually indistinguishable from a white supremacist. George Orwell's book ""1984"" was NOT a user's manual, Snoop... "
" Again, this is why you NEVER LET A STRANGER APPROACH YOU. ""Violence erupted outside an alt-right gala in Midtown Saturday when a black-clad protester punched and choked a partygoer, cops said."" ""'I saw him hit the old man,' said witness Ali Thomas, 24. 'One hit. He swung hard. He hit him hard. The old man's head hit the curb.'"" ""Cops arrested the alleged assailant, David Campbell of Crown Heights, Brooklyn, authorities said."" Today's young males use the ""sucker punch."" They get close and hit you in the face or head as hard as they can. It doesn't matter if your knees buckle or if you fall straight back: The end result will be that your head will hit the cement, and THAT is what can kill you. So when young men come after you, either get the hell out of dodge or attack them. It sounds crazy to attack them, but they won't have the leverage to hit you hard enough to knock you out. Keep moving. Become a fist-windmill. Keep calm and do whatever you can to stay on your feet. If they knock you down, they kick your head or--as in this case--try to strangle you. So we have ANOTHER person's life ruined over this stupid melodrama. Don't let this happen to you. Take the threat seriously. You can be dead in an instant..."
" There are plenty of disorders that cause pathological belligerence. Bipolar disorder is one. There are degrees that range from bouts of belligerence all the way to hallucinations. Untreated depression can cause belligerence. Obsessive-compulsive disorder. Narcissistic personality disorder. The one thing they all have in common is an inability or refusal to see others as people. These are all disorders that make a person concentrate exclusively on the self. I immediately jettison such people from my life. A woman with bipolar disorder told me that I was stigmatizing her by telling her to get lost. No. I was telling her to get lost. She wouldn't take her medication, so that made her nonviable. End of story. Speaking as someone with severe mental illness--depression, anxiety, and PTSD--I say that the problems of the mentally ill are their own. Of course we shouldn't be BURNED AT THE STAKE, but the idea that the mentally ill must be indulged? Why? What good does it do society to have people with untreated mental illnesses smashing up the joint? Why should people have that in their lives? My bipolar ex-friend was the most sadistic harridan I've ever encountered. So she got the heave-ho. ""You're stigmatizing me!"" Sure! Why not? Whatever. I'll say ANYTHING to make you go. Everything has been turned upside down. It SUCKS to have mental illness...but that's MY problem, not yours. When people get out of line for WHATEVER reason, they need to be stopped. A moral, civil society protects the law-abiding, rational majority from the destruction caused by the irrational minority..."
" Yes. This plan was based on the Brusilov Offensive of 1916, in World War One. It's the only successful Russian offensive of the war. The Russians dug trenches at night, as close to the enemy lines as possible. During the daytime, the trenches were covered with green tarps, so pilots in reconnaissance aircraft would see only grassy fields. In World War One, everyone fought the same way: Bombard the enemy for several days, and then charge out in the open. The Russians got as close as they could, and then they started an artillery bombardment. But the bombardment was fake. After a very short time, the Russians jumped out of their hidden trenches and charged the enemy, right behind their artillery bombardment. The attack was a total success. Hamas planned to use 40,000 young men to tear down the border, and then armed terrorists would emerge from a tunnel or tunnels in the middle of the crowd. Those terrorists would kill and kidnap as many Israelis as possible. To stop this plan, somebody went into the tents and tunnels and killed everybody. No terrorists, no attack..."
" Yemen. What's happening? Yemen is hell on earth. They've been fighting each other forever. The CURRENT war is simple: Former dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh was forced to step down in 2012. He's accused of stealing $60 billion. He fought the Ansar Allah movement several times. This movement is known as the Houthis. They have a flag. ""God is Great, Death to America, Death to Israel, A curse on the Jews, Victory to Islam"". They're Shia supported by Iran. Most of the damage you see in Yemen today was caused by the many wars that Saleh fought against the Houthis. One such campaign was called ""Operation Scorched Earth,"" which is self-explanatory. After Saleh was forced to step down, he ALLIED with the Houthis--his mortal enemies--to overthrow president Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi. The Houthis and Saleh loyalists chased Hadi from the country. On March 26, 2015, a Saudi-led coalition began a holding operation. In my entire life, I've never seen so many lies told about a military campaign. I wondered why the Saudis didn't defend themselves. The answer came to me in October of 2015: The Yemen war is a massive deception operation. The Saudis wanted attention focused on Yemen while they took care of business in Syria and Iraq. The press and all world NGOs simply repeat the outlandish claims made by the Houthis. The worst cholera outbreak in the world, mass starvation, the wholesale bombing of schools, hospitals, weddings, and funerals. Well, what's the death toll so far? The claim is 10,000. That was August of 2016. What was it in January of 2017? In January of 2017, it was 10,000. In five months of wholesale slaughter by the Saudi-led coalition...nobody died. The lies are stupid and childish. THIS is interesting. If the port of Hodeida is taken from the Houthis, that's the end of the war. What are WE doing? The first air strikes under Trump were just carried out. AND the Southern Movement--separatists--suddenly aren't all that eager to separate. I've watched as EVERY SINGLE PREDICTION made by the ""experts"" turned out to be wrong. These are the only predictions that will come true: The Houthis will be defeated. The Islamic State will be defeated. Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) will be defeated. The people of Yemen will decide their own fate. And the Iranian mullahs will be overthrown. Take THOSE predictions to the bank..."
" Leftists in the entertainment industry. I spent ten years in Hollywood. Wrote a book about it. Back in the day, there was a hotel where all the stars stayed. I was to wait for my interviewee in the lobby. He was three hours late, but I wasn't bored. I watched and listened. The lobby was white, with linen curtains hanging here and there, arbitrarily. There were armchairs, rocking chairs, sofas, and loveseats just...scattered. Model-looking staff circulated. The elevator shaft was surrounded by glass panels, so you could see all the machinery. It looked like a scene from the movie Alien, with all the dangling cables and gears. I wondered why such a hugely expensive place had linoleum floors meant to look like hardwood. Everyone was smoking cigars. A man dropped his cigar on the floor and ground it out with his heel, leaving a huge black burn. AHA! Linoleum is cheaper to replace than hardwood. I was told that my contact looked like Mr. Clean. So when a guy who looked like Mr. Clean came in, I asked, ""Are you Chris?"" ""No, I'm here to meet a record company and sign a fake boy band I represent,"" he said. ""They can't actually sing, but we made a fake demo tape."" GREAT strategy. Tell every stranger you meet. Two little piglets smoking cigars were joined by a middleaged man with a comb-over that looked like a trash-can lid. It literally looked like if you stepped on his foot, the lid would pop up. Lid Head had a deep voice, and he shouted. He was an agent who represented multiple household-name celebrities. This guy shouted the F-bomb and told profane jokes about Christianity for a full half hour. I took a bathroom break. The men's room was a marvel of dark granite and chrome--and it was as filthy as a Ti Juana bordello. There were crumpled paper towels everywhere. The three urinals had puddles under them and splash marks all over the walls. So I head for the stalls. The first one was occupied The second was unflushed. The third was unflushed. The fourth was unflushed. The guy in the first stall came out and left without flushing or washing his hands. I used a urinal, but I had to adopt a ""wide stance"" to avoid standing in the puddle of pee on the floor. Waiters at the best hotels and restaurants told me that they never had to change the toilet paper rolls in the men's rooms. I always carried little packets of hand sanitizer to use after I shook hands, and I always breathed through my mouth. I haven't kept up with the music industry. Johnny Depp used to own a club called the Viper Room. They should've handed out gas masks for the guests. I lost track of the number of times that the stench of the guests drove me out of parties at Brentwood, West Hollywood, and Beverly Hills. And the young, female production assistants (PAs). GOOD LORD. No underwear, in jeans that they never washed. You don't forget THAT particular aroma..."
" File this under ""Big Fat Lies Used to Deflect."" Who recommended that McCabe be fired from the FBI? The FBI. McCabe was fired for lying to the Inspector General. Note: Trump is neither McCabe NOR the Inspector General. See, when McCabe's mouth opened and lies fell out, that was McCabe's own doing. And when the FBI Office of Professional Responsibility recommended that McCabe be fired, it was because McCabe was deemed unfit to continue working at the FBI. Jill McCabe is blaming Trump for the lies that came tumbling out her husband's mouth. How does that work? Is Trump a sorcerer who casts spells on people to make them lie? Or is Jill McCabe trying desperately to muddy the waters in defense of her corrupt husband? I understand WHY people choose to be corrupt. But that doesn't mean I let them get away with it..."
" Social media makes people insane. First, it was a Houthi ballistic missile. Second, high-ranking Saudis are APPARENTLY being arrested for corruption. So: No coups, no reason to panic, no backsliding. I just blocked a guy for being an uninformed, sneering a-hole about this. It doesn't pay to sneer, especially when you're wrong. Thus endeth the lesson..."
" From May of 2015, I began studying the armed forces of the Gulf Cooperation Council. Everything they show in their parades is what they want us to know about. But MOST of what they have is secret. Here's a turboprop gunship with twin automatic cannons. That's what makes the galloping sound. Not American. Fighting on the side of the Kurds in 2015. Who is the only country in the world that we KNOW has turboprop gunships with twin automatic cannons? Twin automatic cannons. No doubt whatsoever. Two ""splashes"" = two guns. So the Saudis have their own version of the AC-130, and not a single photo of it has leaked. Incredible."
" Here's how knowledge of weapons will help you. Al-Masdar News (AMN) is pro-Assad. ""Al-Masdar News has obtained footage showing the Syrian Arab Army (SAA) halting a US convoy in downtown Qamishli, then forcing the American armored vehicles to turn back into Kurdish-held suburbs."" ""On Tuesday, a large batch of Humvees, bulldozers and technicals were delivered to the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) as a gift from the Pentagon which looks to speed up the ongoing ‘Al-Jazirah Storm’ offensive against ISIS. The video is related to the same event."" The Soldier at the top right of the screen is wearing the shoulder badge of the US Army 1st Cavalry Division. The vehicle. And the REAL story. These are combat engineers from the 3rd Armored Brigade Combat Team ""Greywolf"", 3d Brigade Engineer Battalion ""Beavers"". So this had nothing to do with ""gifting"" the Kurds with anything. Who is the writer, Chris Tomson? A Danish college student. THAT is who is shaping regional opinion. Amazing..."
" There are multiple reports of massive GROUND ACTION taking place in Syria. The people being attacked are NOT Syrian Arab Army. Iran's Quds Force created a Syrian paramilitary modeled on the Iranian Basij. It's used to oppress. The Syrian Air Force Academy was surrounded by ""jihadist rebels."" They used a munition swarm. This weapon can't be identified. Note that the explosions took place in empty spaces. The Syrian cadets SAW the explosions, but the cadets were not killed. The cadets were ordered to surrender, which they did. All their ID cards were collected. They were told, ""We know who you are. Go home and don't come back."" Their lives were spared. The people being killed in Syria are the ones who can't be saved. It's not a pleasant thing, but it has to be done in order to free the country. The average Syrian draftee is not killed. He's told to go home, and most do. Hezbollah and the Syrian militias are not draftees. Many have to be killed. That's their choice..."
" Let's talk about possibilities. I just blocked the smirky munchkin below. He's a fake Middle East intelligence analyst. He exposed HIMSELF as a fake. An ""open-source analyst"" is a blogger. I use only open sources, but I would never call myself an analyst. I'm a spitballer. This guy was spending an inordinate amount of time tweeting about me, but he was using screen grabs and omitting my handle. Tonight he finally lost control and tweeted me directly, telling me I'm insane. So I blocked him. The munchkin has no ability to perceive possibility. What I write about is possibility based on evidence. Look: How many of you KNEW that Trump would win? I did. I put it in writing, and I got the electoral-vote count right. The munchkin is a very negative person, so he can't perceive possibility. My forte is World War I assault troops. So I always knew that Arabs are great fighters. The 1st Moroccan Division was the best ""shock division"" in the entire war. They blew the socks off of US Marines. That's why it's not a giant leap for me to say, ""The soldiers of the Gulf Cooperation Council are the best in human history."" Munchkins and crappy ""military experts"" will sneer, but they haven't put in the research that I have. I've studied the GCC armed forces daily since June of 2015. Not one of these ""experts"" can tell you Saudi Arabia's military relationship with India. The Indians built Saudi Arabia's Mountain Warfare School in 2012. Here's something the experts can't tell you: Learning mountain warfare automatically makes you special forces. All the skills required for mountain warfare are identical to the skills required for unconventional warfare. I read that in a German manual published in 1920. So I understand POSSIBILITY. The current uprisings in Iran are QUITE POSSIBLY one of the most brilliant military operations of all time. If you WANTED regime change without total carnage, YOU'D DO IT EXACTLY THIS WAY. You start out with tiny spontaneous protests about the economy. You get the security forces USED TO PROTESTS. The security forces get complacent. President Trump immediately jumps on the bandwagon: ""Boy, I sure hope these guys overthrow the mullahs, 'cause that would be COOL!"" Trump manipulates the PLANET into thinking that these protests will lead nowhere. And the suddenly they're EVERYWHERE. The security forces are filmed saying, ""We didn't sign up to kill our own people."" Iranians living outside Iran are saying, ""I never in my life thought I'd see and hear the things I'm seeing and hearing."" The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps has retreated to Tehran and NOT brought down the ""iron fist,"" as promised, and Rouhani is saying, ""Protests are FINE! It's all good."" I look at all this and say, ""It's definitely possible that IRANIANS would pull off a stunning regime-change operation."" It's because I'm not a haughty imbecile. I have the ability to look at others and say, ""They are WAY BETTER than me."" Look at THIS guy: . 14,000 tweets got him 54,000 followers. THAT is consummate skill. He is MUCH better at this than I am. And that's GREAT! I want Rex to hit 100,000 followers in the next three months. That would be a riot. 16,000 tweets gets him 100,000 followers. He could write a book about how to do Twitter. The munchkin? No. He can't. He's a fraud. The Middle East is HEALING, and it's ready to take its rightful place on the planet, given the tremendous skills and talents of its residents. I've known this since 2015. I KNEW all of this would happen. Because I STUDIED. Here's why so many military ""experts"" are idiots: They see weapons in a vacuum. Stupid. STUPID! Weapons and the way they're used tell you EVERYTHING. That's how I knew all of this would happen. I studied the weapons and they way they're used. That showed me the big picture..."
" My brother is an airliner fanatic. He told me something a long time ago that is VERY true: The sales of airliners are the best indicator of geopolitics. The two biggest competitors for airliners are the American company Boeing and the European multinational company Airbus. Airliner competition reaches to the highest levels of government. So whenever a country buys Boeing airliners, it means that our relationship is better than it appears to be. The Turks are building airports like crazy, and they're buying hundreds of Boeing airliners. When you have very sophisticated airports and airlines, it attracts investors. So the way we help countries improve is by helping them set up very modern airports and airlines. Call it ""diplomacy by air travel."" It's INCREDIBLY effective. Having a businessman as president FINALLY allows the United States to ""leverage"" its ability to make friends by helping them with their airports and airlines. You can talk about the UN and the State Department all you want. What has MORE impact is helping a country set up airports and airlines. So we can give countries deals, and they become de facto allies. What you see on the SURFACE is theater. In order to attract foreign investment, you need sophisticated airports and airlines. THAT is where our great strength lies. Airbus builds the largest airliner in the world, the A380. They planned to sell 1200 between 2000 and 2020. By 2018, they'd sold only 200. The UAE just bought 20 more, the first new order in three years. But the UAE is also buying Boeing. The sale of the Boeing aircraft to the UAE was a huge surprise. That was Trump, making deals. Air-travel diplomacy is HUGELY effective. It's a way for us to settle our differences WITHOUT fanfare. Just another way that we benefit from having a BUSINESSMAN as president. You know who's GREAT at making business deals? Keep it in mind for 2024..."
" Twelve hours after this story broke... Here's the Saudi Ministry of Foreign Affairs Website. It says al-Jubeir is still Foreign Minister. "
" thinks she's being really clever. She's talking about the family that took in the Florida mass shooter. ""Attacking."" The use of this loaded word is an attack to shut down ANY criticism of people who are furiously denying all responsibility. The ""orphan"" is 19 years old. I'M an orphan. Would it be honest for me to refer to myself as an orphan? ""Speaking as an orphan--"" The kind people who took in the orphan are claiming both that they knew NOTHING and that they knew the kid was a danger. That's why Dad knew immediately that this kid was the shooter. When you let a mentally unstable person BRING HIS GUNS into your house, and you DON'T BOTHER TO supervise him, I get to criticize you. The lawyer spoke of the two adults' great kindness. Let's say I opened up my yard to a pit bull and let him sleep there. I gave him food, but that was it. NOW, let's say the pit bull--after three months--walked out of my yard, went across the street, and killed three toddlers. Should I be criticized? Should I be let totally off the hook, since I was so kind? YOU are part of the problem, kind . You personalize things, you're defensive, and you refuse to accept that actions have consequences. Because of people like YOU, mass shootings will continue. Like Jim Carrey, you don't give a hoot about all those dead kids. Time for everybody to put on their thinking caps and STOP looking at this through agenda-colored glasses. Can you TRY to do that, Mary Joan? Or is too late for you? Are you already ossified...?"
" Remember THIS? ""The woman who alleged that Donald Trump raped her at age 13 at one of billionaire pedophile Jeffrey Epstein's notorious 'sex parties' fabricated the story, has learned exclusively."" ""Her claims can today be exposed as untruthful, the key fact being that Donald Trump was not involved whatsoever."" ""A source with knowledge of the controversial case told : 'Katie Johnson's account had been believable and compelling right up until the last minute. But new information emerged that suggested she had not been telling the truth.'"" ""'Ultimately it was discovered that Donald Trump's name had been inserted into this, he was not involved whatsoever. After that she had no credibility.'"" Lisa Bloom (right) represented the accuser. Now we have THIS from Lisa Bloom's mother. Ms. Zervos had had tons of cosmetic surgery since she launched her campaign against Trump. But Zervos no longer has Gloria Allred as her lawyer. Rats and sinking ships..."
" I recommend everyone subscribe to . A goldmine. ""In Vietnam, Moore's Bible seemed to be the Army handbook."" ""The men of the 188th Police Company derisively called him 'Captain America' because of his insistence on regulation haircuts and constant salutes, and some of the men talked seriously about 'fragging' him."" ""'His policies damn near got him killed,'"" said Barrey Hall, who served under Moore."" Moore was discharged in 1974. He got a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Alabama School of Law, which graduates its classes in May. So Moore returned to Gladsden sometime after May of 1977 and set up private practice. I can't find the month that Moore was chosen as the first full-time prosecutor of Etowah County. His title was Deputy District Attorney. But Moore was ""Captain America"" in the US Army. He financed his studies at law school by picking cotton, among other menial jobs. Back in Gadsden, he had less than seven months to become the Most Famous Man in the City, a Deputy District Attorney who ran around like a madman, propositioning teenagers. Does this sound even remotely plausible, given that these accusation never surfaced over FORTY YEARS? Guess when Moore FIRST came to national attention? 1992. He put up a plaque of the Ten Commandments on the wall of his courtroom. From 1993 to 1998, Moore and the ACLU fought over his Ten Commandments plaque and his practice of opening court sessions with prayer. So: From 1977 to 1982, Moore crusaded against judicial and political corruption in Gladsden. He lost all his money and ended up a professional kick boxer and Australian cowboy. THEN, from 1992 until 2017, he was embroiled in controversy after controversy, due to his religious code of ethics. I don't have to tell Southern Christians how much Marxists hate you. Never a peep about Moore preying on underage girls until two weeks ago. I don't buy the accusations. "
" Holy smokes! The Saudis are building NEW AREAS that will have their own LAWS AND RULES. So people who WANT strict religion can live in one area of the country, and OTHER people can live elsewhere. What a brilliant solution. Saudi Arabia is becoming a federal monarchy. Current federal monarchies: the UAE, Malaysia, and... SAINT KITTS AND NEVIS! My guess is that federal monarchy is the first step to becoming a constitutional monarchy. What an incredible development. The Saudis are a great people. ADDENDUM: Actually, the solution is even MORE brilliant than I thought: The people who prefer a strict religious life WON'T HAVE TO MOVE. The NEW areas will have their own laws and rules. Those who choose the traditional lifestyle won't even have to SEE the new lifestyle. How can anybody disagree with this?"
" Some ramblings about Islam and those who oppose it. I never tell people how to think or speak. If you hate Islam, Muslims will survive. I'll just tell you my own thinking about this issue. Today, I'm as angry over 9/11 as the day it happened. But personally, I always separated terrorists and their supporters from the average man and woman. I was always suspicious of those who oppose Islam itself. One by one, they showed themselves to be opportunists. Islam has a word for all Muslims: the ummah, short for ummat al-Islamiyah. Between 2001 and 2015, I thought there would always be conflict between the ummah and the rest of the world. I felt that historical baggage was the cause of perpetual conflict between the ummah and the rest of the world. Then in May of 2015, I read that fewer than 50 Arab special forces fought about 40,000 Houthis in Aden, Yemen, for two months. I began researching weapons, and I concluded that Israel and the Gulf ummah had made peace in 2006. Then I concluded that the Gulf Cooperation Council began funding Israeli weapon development, to the tune of trillions. I wrote about it. The battle-damage assessment (BDA) showed that astonishing care was taken to spare civilians. But I also noticed that even combatants were spared. Wars have thousands of pitfalls. It appeared that ALL of these pitfalls had been avoided. By Muslims. So in May of 2015, I became convinced that the ummah will NOT be in perpetual conflict with the rest of the world. Those who completely oppose Islam told me that a Reformation was not possible. That's not true. Westerners want giant billboards, parades, TV shows, speeches, and written proclamations. Muslims don't do things that way. Things happen without fanfare. I reject the word ""Islamophobia,"" and I don't think that Muslims must be coddled and protected. BUT. The region has had boots on its neck for centuries. That's just reality. It caused societal trauma. What's happening now is that the ummah is making decisions based entirely on itself, not as a RESPONSE. This is one of the most dramatic changes in human history, and the ummah is handling it brilliantly. I'm very optimistic about the future."
" It depends on the size. This tank seems to have been hit by a small one. The tank was atomized. Kinetic weapons depend entirely on speed and mass. This is a kinetic missile. They fired a 9M133 Kornet antitank guided missile that missed. Using the speed and flight, I was able to calculate the distance. The frame rate of the video and the distance give us a speed of 18,000 miles per hour (Mach 13). At that speed, you don't need a warhead. The missile is just a rod with control surfaces. In the 1990s, the Israelis researched explosive gases to propel payloads into space using giant cannons. Naturally, this research was applied to weaponry. The Israelis created a stable projectile that flies 35,000 miles per hour (Mach 46). What happens is that the munition BREAKS APART the bomb before it has time to explode. Some of these truck bombs have 20-30 tons of explosives. The kinetic munition hits so fast that the bomb is broken to pieces. Truck bombs blow up at a SLOWER speed than this det cord. You can still isolate the detonation. The advantage of kinetic weapons is that they break apart the target before it has time to react..."
" Here's the deal: The Iraqi army disintegrated twice: June of 2014 and May of 2015. The Shia militias all had Iranian officers, and they refused to take orders from the government. The offensive to retake Ramadi was a disaster. Both generals in charge were killed by suicide bombers, and the men said there was no plan. The Iraqis stopped the offensive in September of 2015. When the offensive started up again in October of 2015, the Iraqis took back Ramadi in a brilliant operation. They won every battle after that. How was this possible? They had commandos from the Gulf Cooperation Council attached. These men fought in Iraqi uniform. There's no video or photos of assault troops in any operation from October onward. The Shia militia were relegated to perimeter security. AND GUESS WHAT? The Iraqis found weapons, ammunition, and medical supplies in Mosul. The Shia militia had smuggled these items into the city. WHY?! Because Iran was attempting the ""Algerian Strategy"" of making the Islamic State so powerful that Iraq would submit to Iran in order to make the help stop. But the Algerian Strategy failed in Iraq. The Iraqis had accepted help from the Gulf Cooperation Council. It came with no strings attached. The Iranians offered slavery, and the GCC offered freedom. Who would YOU choose? So the Shia militias film themselves pretending to fight. They're out of the picture, except as actors. There's no way in hell that the Iraqis went from complete disaster to militarily brilliant in a matter of two weeks. The UN said that the Battle of Mosul stands as a MODEL for how to engage in urban combat without harming civilians. The most amazing thing about Mosul is that the Iraqi generals walked the streets one block over from the fighting. Not a single general was killed. All GCC commandos are trained in close protection. Watch a non-Iraqi commando protect one of the highest-ranking generals in Iraq. The militias run by Iran were gently nudged out of the picture, by men who could kill them all in seconds. So the militias are simply posing for the cameras. In time, they'll die on the vine..."
" Because entertainment isn't putrid ENOUGH, I present something called ""Logan Paul,"" YouTube star. Since you're hard of hearing, I'll provide closed captioning: Logan Paul: ""Eh buh buh duh fuh?"" Rat Boy: ""Nick nick hebber snick fick."" Jalisco Prostitute: ""Gnee gnee gnee gnee gnee. Tee-hee!"" Before this, the worst thing I ever saw on TV was something called ""Naked and Afraid."" I was in the emergency room for acute gastritis, and they shot me full of morphine after eight hours of bayonets in my stomach. They wanted to keep for a few more hours to make sure that they'd given me enough morphine, so I watched the TV in my room. ""Naked and Afraid"" is (was?) a show where they put a naked man and a naked women together on an island and made them eat garbage so they'd get diarrhea. These were strangers who together ate rotten parrot heads and such, and then they got the runs. Aren't there cars with dual exhaust systems? That's what this show was. Naked dual exhaust systems. I thought THAT was the end of the line, but now I see that there IS no end. Logan Paul. Pretty much all my worst fears crammed together. Did you ever read the novel ""Down to a Sunless Sea""? It's about an airliner that's aloft when we have a nuclear war. So the airliner has to find a safe place to land. They're flying along, and they get into radio contact with a Boeing EC-135C Looking Glass. It's one of the airborne command posts used to make sure that the armed forces have somebody alive after a nuclear war. Well, they're alive, but there's no more US. Everybody's dead. The EC-135C has about an hour of fuel left. ""I've got a bet with the general here,"" the pilot says. ""I'm going to put us in a dive. We're rated at 540 knots, but I'm thinking we can hit Mach 1 before we augur in. Wish me luck!"" So, Jeff: Let's make a bet. Ten bucks. I'm thinking we'll hit Mach 2.5 before we augur in. Take me up on it?"
" WOW. The Basij Special Unit--the most brutal in Iran--was attacked with a bus. In Iran, the government has outlawed the Sufi Order of Dervishes. Their leader was recently arrested. The Dervishes protested. The Basij Special Unit attacked the protesters, and someone then ran over the Basij. This is a MAJOR escalation. VERY skilled driver. AND a hand grenade was thrown. That COULD be a police stun grenade. This is all happening in Tehran. Social media says it's all-out war. We just don't know right now. The videos say flat out that this is regime change. ""What is the organized uprising? What steps does an uprising take? - A principled answer to an important question."" I believe that this IS regime change, and that Trump has a plan. It's almost certain that this will happen in steps. First, they had protests that served as reconnaissance. The citizens have made several runs on banks; these banks are owned by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, the armed wing of the mullahs. The IRGC is being financially weakened. Remember all the money Obama gave to Iran? It all went to Hezbollah. ALL of it. The Iranians are organizing nationwide strikes: So far we've had doctors, taxi drivers, teachers, and truckers go on strike. The mullahs support the Houthis in Yemen, Hezbollah in Lebanon, Assad in Syria, various militias in Iraq, the Taliban in both Afghanistan and Pakistan, al-Qaeda, and the Islamic State. Every single armed force that the mullah support are currently experiencing massive military setbacks. The uprising at home is exploiting this. The Saudi-led coalition took two years to prepare the battlefield in Yemen. There are currently SEVENTEEN ground offensives taking place. Iran WILL be free. That's not in doubt. But it may take some time. On the other hand, the mullahs' forces could collapse overnight. Right now, we just have to wait and see... ADDENDUM: This is organized. The Basij Special Unit was first hit with a bus and then with a car. What the protesters are saying is that violence will be answered with violence. The Basij Special Unit attacked peaceful protestors and were then hit with a bus and a car. They were also pelted with cinder blocks and Molotov cocktails from high rises. So there we are..."
" Guess what happened while the world focused on Stormy? Mattis met with Albania Defense Minister Olta Xhaçka, a graduate of Clark University, Worcester, Massachusetts. First, note Mattis's comments on Russia. NOW, listen to the PROPOSAL by Albania. Did you know that Albania has invited the US to station troops and build bases and ports there? Whatever happened to that ""Trump is Putin's stooge"" narrative? Have Albania INVITE US IN is yet ANOTHER Trump victory that he accomplished effortlessly and under the radar. Trump is STABILIZING THE WORLD. A stable world is peaceful world, in which all of us can have safe, happy lives. What did we get from the ""Light Worker""? Read the writing on this cover. Doesn't it make you CRINGE? The entire Democratic party is DEFUNCT. Nothing but empty promises and hate. The only question left about is how MUCH better a president he'll be than all the ones who came before him. Trump is already our greatest president because he WILL NOT BE STOPPED in his quest for improvement. Every day brings a new California horror story. You know what the NEXT plan is? ""Wet houses."" Wet houses are government-owned homes IN NEIGHBORHOODS where homeless people can go to drink, shoot up drugs, and have sex. WHAT COULD POSSIBLY GO WRONG? The only positive is for the rest of the country. We're going to get 100 percent of YOUR homeless lunatics. And when they get here and go to wet houses to fuel up, they're going to come out with their cleavers and hatchets and hunt the rest of us. I am NOT going to be Anthony Mele, murdered in a steak house in Ventura by homeless career criminal Jamal Jackson. Mele's five-year-old daughter was sitting on his lap when Jackson attacked. The police got a 911 call, but they didn't respond. This is BEFORE wet houses. So if I can survive just a few more months, I'll move back to the United States and leave the largest open-air asylum on the planet. Trump is delivering on every promise. To make up for that, the Democrats are unleashing absolute hell on those of us who pay our goddam taxes and obey the laws. When I vote in November, I'll vote STRAIGHT REPUBLICAN in memory of Anthony Mele. And if ANY homeless maniac tries to take out his problems on me, he'll be dead before he hits the pavement. THANK YOU, JERRY BROWN, for putting me in the position of having to be ready to KILL OTHERS as I go about my daily business..."
" Stop whining to me about how McConnell did THIS, or the Democrats did THAT. This is all on ALABAMA. I don't even AGREE with Roy Moore, but I know he's innocent. Moore was expected to easily win. The false accusations made Alabamans get all pious and gutless. HOW NICE! Twitter has just change the way we do tweet storms. They've added another step in the process. I see what Twitter is doing. Making it HARDER to communicate. Don't kid yourselves: This is totally deliberate. Alabama just made my life and YOUR lives harder. So we can expect MASSIVE attacks on those of us who aren't leftist. It worked in ALABAMA. That deep-red state just elected a Massachusetts liberal. Don't waste my time blaming others. The VOTERS did this. Americans play stupid morality games with their votes. ""I could not in good conscience ____________"" is the same as saying ""I am a vacuous fraud."" I was able to research Roy Moore and prove him innocent. His OWN PEOPLE couldn't be bothered. So don't tell me about Soros. If nobody bought Soros's manure, he'd be out of business. But Alabamans could think about ANYTHING except their own personal ""principles."" So now we ALL take in the neck. How's THIS for a laugh: ""We Alabamans don't take to outsiders interfering in our elections."" Bull. You let SOCIAL MEDIA determine how you'd vote. ""They're gonna LAUGH at us!"" Who is? Leftist monstrosities who want to enslave you? ""OH NO! We better elect the leftist! I don't want mental patients on social media laughing at me!"" So DON'T TELL ME that their was Soros's doing. This was the VOTERS speaking loudly and clearly. Things just got a lot HARDER, thanks to Alabama. I shouldn't be stunned, but I am. I thought better of you people. I really did. Now, there's no such thing as a safe seat. Trump will have to DIVERT HIS ATTENTION from more important things, because the voters can't be trusted to make rational, informed decisions. I'm sorry, Judge. You deserved MUCH better. If you're ever in California, let's have lunch. You are one of my heroes, and I'd be proud to meet you. "
" Here's what I LOVE about that: We fired missiles, yes. BUT. SOMEONE ELSE dropped GBU-39 Small Diameter Bombs. The evidence is indisputable. Here's a hole. The Tomahawk missile warhead doesn't leave big wads of wreckage. That there is the signature of the GBU-39. Look at the sides of the shelter. See all the pockmarks? So all those dorks were screeching about ONE thing, and in reality ANOTHER THING actually happened. We covered for the Gulf Cooperation Council. They were trying out their new strategic bombers..."
" I read about this years ago. The Chinese are raising millions of psychos. The ""Tiger Mom"" thing is one extreme, and then on the other is the mother who spoils her son into becoming a monster. Chinese immigrants are pouring into where I live, and the psychos FAR outnumber the non-psychos. We haven't been swimming in two weeks. I suppose we'll get back to it, but right now we're just too depressed. We had to get the staff from stopping two guys from spitting and blowing their noses in the pool, and then a THIRD guy--who seen the others get stopped--did it too. So we haven't gone in two weeks. The experience is just too stressful. When you think about what a guy will sound like hawking and spitting as you hold his head under three feet of water, it's time to stop going. I can't deal with barking dogs, so I was VERY pleased to find out what one sounds like barking underwater. Maybe I can adopt a kangaroo and take him to the pool with me... "
" shows us what's wrong with the press. ""There is no treatment or cure for hyperacusis, also known as noise-induced pain."" That's a lie. ""The best source of information comes from The Hyperacusis Network. Many patients have seen improvement in sound tolerance through the use of sound generators (special hearing aids) that emit broad band pink noise."" ""This retraining therapy suggests that the ear will become desensitized to sound by listening to broadband pink noise at barely audible levels for a disciplined period of time each day (usually 2-8 hours a day)."" ""This has been proven to help over 90% of hyperacusis patients maximize the tolerances in their ears. The name of this treatment is called Tinnitus (Hyperacusis) Retraining Therapy or TRT."" It took me exactly three seconds to find that. Michael Harthrorne prides himself on his professionalism. D'OH! I told you: Trump is a touchstone and a diagnostic tool. Those who hate Trump are angry, bitter failures. As Michael Harthorne so dramatically proved. He wrote ""There is no treatment or cure for hyperacusis, also known as noise-induced pain."" It took me THREE SECONDS to prove him wrong. Our society is bifurcating. The sane and humane on one side, and the crazy, hate-filled LOSERS on the other... ADDENDUM: Well, I'll just put this out here. From People Magazine: ""Cindy made the rounds of doctors, who were unhelpful. Pain medication had little effect. She tried a sound therapy that employs mild broadband noise but it made her worse and sparked tinnitus, or ringing in the ears."" I have severe tinnitus from Meniere's disease. There's absolutely no way that TRT caused tinnitus. So you can make up your own minds. Again: There's literally no way that mild broadband noise caused tinnitus. Here's the key to TRT: ""Psychological therapy teaching the patient to ignore the tinnitus noise."" I was never officially diagnosed with hyperacusis, but due to Meniere's disease, certain frequencies caused incredible pain in my left ear. I underwent TRT for tinnitus. It also made the pain go away. So that's more information that people might need when evaluating this story..."
" There's mountains of evidence that is innocent. One, in FORTY YEARS, not one person made these accusations. The accuser with the most dramatic story called him the district attorney and said he was famous in Gadsden. Moore was never the district attorney, and there are no newspaper articles about him until five years after the accusation in question. Moore was well known at West Point, in the army, and in the legal system for being the straightest of all straight arrows. The accusations paint him as an animal with no self-control. Both characterizations can't be true. Moore didn't marry until he was 41 years old. Not a single woman has come forward claiming that she HAPPILY dated Moore between 1977 and 1988. The mall manager denies that Moore was banned, and the accuser with the most dramatic story got every single detail of the restaurant wrong. The opposition paints Moore as a pathological ephebophile: a man fixated on teenagers. Such a person can't change. Why are there no accusations of ephebophilia before 1977 and after 1982? The accusers and their supporters have wiped out a man's entire PUBLIC RECORD. They've erased a forty-year history. The accusations are false. Every single person claiming to find the accusations ""credible"" ALSO happens to oppose Roy Moore. Funny, that..."
" Nationwide strikes in Iran. Entire cities are not opening for business. Note all the rolled-down doors. Another. And another. And yet another. For the first time, the middle aged and elderly are joining in. Remember: I told you that this would happen in stages. First we had young people protesting all over the country, beginning in December. That was ""reconnaissance by protest."" They studied the regime's reactions. Yesterday the National Council on Resistance in Iran (NCRI) exposed the entire regime social-media espionage apparatus. All the regime methods for identifying dissenters through social media were revealed. ""This baby girl on the subway begs you to bind the wounds. This is the journey of revolution and the contribution of this innocent child, who should be thinking about playing with dolls at her age. Let's have it, for you people who dream to see. I will get it out there."" The videos now say that uprising has made the transition to regime change. Believe the Iranians. Trump does... "
" Gender. Here's my view: Society was becoming too tolerant. Although I'm not political or religious, it's been my experience that conservative, religious people actually CARE About others. I'm 55. It's clear to me that EVEN conservative and religious people were becoming more accepting of differences. THIS WAS A CATASTROPHE fro activism and leftism. So the demands for tolerance became so fascistic that they engendered a backlash. And THAT was the plan. Then they could point to conservative and religious people and call them bigots. This issue itself is only a tool for dividing and engendering power. One of my heroes is Quentin Crisp, who was about as gay as a man could be. A Brit, he was savagely, physically attacked throughout his childhood and young adulthood. You know who accepted him as he was? American GIs in London during World War II. Kids from Nebraska, Alabama, and Mississippi. They bought him beer and listened to his patter. He was a brilliantly funny man. Crisp became fanatically pro-American. He moved here and had a second career in his seventies. He was the first celebrity to do this, decades ago. Sting wrote a song about him, but it was AMERICA that gave Crisp a home. It's easy to POSE as open minded, but Americans put their money where their mouths are. Quentin Crisp had his name in the phone book. His AMERICAN fans called him and invited him out for coffee. We are a GREAT people. These various issues are manufactured and then jammed down our throats. The PLAN is to make you angry and resistant. When nobody forces things on us, we accommodate change. I never tell people how to think. But I WILL say this: NONE of these social issues are real. They were created in order to divide us and keep leftists in power. But it failed. Just watch."
" makes a VERY interesting point that I hadn't thought of. If the Iranian armed forces rise up, it means that covert military aid can actually be offered in broad daylight. All you need to do is paint your aircraft or armored vehicle to look like it belongs to the Iranian armed forces. Therefore the Iranian armed forces can easily accept help. Nobody will ever admit to it, because that would be counterproductive. My prediction is now that if the Iranian armed forces rise up, then the mullahs will be overthrown almost immediately. This will actually make regime change much easier. The Iranian armed forces would fight openly. If that's the case, they can be helped out in the open. It could be that this was planned a long time ago..."
" ""Round 'em all up! Deport 'em all!"" We DID that. And it didn't work. Operation Wetback, from 1954 to 1962. All in all, about 2 million illegal Mexicans were apprehended or self-deported. Yet the operation was a failure. It didn't stop illegal immigration. WHY NOT? We had the Bracero Program (1942 to 1964) that allowed Mexican migrant workers into the US. But the paperwork was a nightmare. Illegals worked for lower wages, and you didn't have to fill out any paperwork. So illegal immigration into the US continued DESPITE mass deportations. Everyone talking about deportation NOW is wasting their breath. We would need to build the border wall FIRST, or else it's a huge waste of money and manpower. Therefore STOP wasting your breath. Use your heads. We need a wall NO MATTER WHAT. Demanding the deportation of DACA recipients NOW--before a wall is built--is stupid. We need total immigration reform FIRST. We deport people daily. And they come right back. So enough with the calls for MORE futility. It's embarrassing..."
" Let me tell you why I hate conspiracy theorists. THEY caused what we're seeing. When some atrocity happens, conspiracy theorists INSTANTLY exploit it for personal aggrandizement. There's a Chitlin Circuit for conspiracy theorists. Third-rate publicity, but better than nothing. The conspiracy theorist MO is always the same. It never changes one iota. So guess what finally happened? A bunch of kids predisposed to being fame whores figured out how to exploit an atrocity in exactly the same way as conspiracy theorists have. Instantly. But no Chitlin Circuit for THEM. They're A Listers now. Take a wild guess what's going to happen after the NEXT school shooting. The conspiracy theorists laid the groundwork for exactly what they said they were afraid of. Trump is already having to compromise more than he wanted, because there aren't enough Republicans in Congress. A few more A List anti-gun kids, and we're looking at the Republicans losing control of one or both houses of Congress. Twitter users are from the general population. So are voters. THAT'S why I had conspiracy theorists. When enough insane stuff gets traction, we all pay. I've never seen instant media stars created out of thin air, the way these anti-gun kids were. Everybody studied how conspiracy theorists peddle their horseshit. They're going to do whatever it takes to bring down Trump. We need to be at our smartest. We're failing. That's why I hate conspiracy theorists..."
" The trap is sprung. I was wondering about Ghouta, the suburb of Damascus. The footage is bogus. Note the ""Syrian soldier"" on the left, his finger tightly gripping the trigger of his rifle. A Russian wearing obsolete American desert camouflage. No way in hell are these ""jihadist terrorists."" Assad and the Russians outsmarted themselves. They set up some kabuki, and it was turned on them. This entire unit will be killed. THAT was the trap. ""Hezbollah Secretary-General Hassan Nasrallah has been hiding the fighters' participation in the Ghouta massacre from their families to avoid strong opposition and criticism over the decision to send Hezbollah fighters on a dangerous mission beyond Lebanon's borders."" It's perfect. Nasrallah can't admit the men are there, so now they get to be killed, and Hezbollah will never admit it. This will take out at least one-third of Hezbollah's fighters. They won't leave Syria alive. In a duel of wits with the Saudis, everybody ELSE loses. Incredible planners. Hezbollah was totally set up. Now they pay the butcher's bill..."
"Check THIS out: See the company's name? Hoversurf. Another video. ""Hoversurf, a Russian company that builds drones..."" Hoversurf's information. Founded in 2015 in SAN FRANCISCO. The Website. The map. This piece is interesting. ""Emerging from the Skolkovo 'startups and science park' just outside of Moscow, human-carrying drone maker Hoversurf has created a single-seat hoverbike which looks awesome, but does rather make you fear for your legs, let alone the legs of other people you might encounter."" Is the name ""Skolkovo"" familiar to you? It SHOULD be. ""A program overseen by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as part of the 'reset' with Russia wound up enhancing Russia's military technology and funneling millions of dollar to the Clinton Foundation..."" ""According to a new report by investigative journalist Peter Schweizer and the Government Accountability Institute he heads."" ""The report says both the U.S. Army and the Federal Bureau of Investigation found that the program, intended to support Russia's version of Silicon Valley, was exploited to improve Russia's military capability."" ""The 'innovation city' of Skolkovo on the outskirts of Moscow was center of the program."" All righty! Since the National Review piece ended in mid-sentence, let me try to find a NON-moronic explanation. Thanks, Fred! One more time. ""Leaked diplomatic cables show Russia won Clinton's assistance in obtaining funding for Skolkovo, an 'innovation city' akin to Silicon Valley."" ""Documents show the State Department was ultimately successful in obtaining 28 Russian, American, and European 'key partners' to fund the Skolkovo Foundation."" ""'There are serious national security questions that have been raised about both Skolkovo and Rusnano, by the FBI, the U.S. Army, and cybersecurity experts,' the Government Accountability Institute report said."" ""'These experts have argued that the activities of Skolkovo and Russian investment funds like Rusnano are ultimately serving the interests of the Russian military.'"" Seventeen of the companies that invested in Skolkovo also made donations to the Clinton Foundation or paid for Bill's speeches. So HERE'S the Russian collusion. AND they're hiding it by basing the company in San Francisco..."
" WHAT an opportunity to tell a story. I had my passport stolen in Yugoslavia in 1980. I had to get a new passport at the US consulate in Belgrade, and then I had to go to the secret police (UDBA) headquarters to get an exit visa. This is the photo taken for new passport. I was 17. That summer, the UDBA was cracking down on foreigners selling their passports to Yugoslavs who would then escape from the country. At the UDBA headquarters, I was interrogated for three hours in a room entirely painted glossy gray. You know WHY they used glossy gray paint? It's easy to clean. It was a good old-fashioned interrogation. Dark room, spotlight in my face, two secret-police officers screaming at me. ""You! Thomas! How did you get into Yugoslavia without a passport?"" ""I HAD A passport. It was stolen."" ""LIAR! You sold it! Tell us! NOW!"" They finally let me go, but my visa would expire at midnight. I was subject to immediate arrest if I was still in the country after midnight. Somehow I found the right bus to the train station. The ticket seller was a young woman who spoke such perfect English that I wanted to start crying and beg her to save me. I got on the train to Austria and made it across the border with ten minutes to spare. It was a Yugoslav train, so they had armed guards. If we'd been late, I wouldn't be here. They were watching me. But in the Belgrade train station, before I got out of that godforsaken country, I bought a pack of Yugoslav cigarettes that tasted exactly like Kleenex. The guy in the kiosk had the heaviest five-o'clock shadow I've ever seen. His beard grew all the way up to his eyeballs. Since he couldn't shave his lower eyelids, he had two mustaches--one right below each eye. On his lower eyelids. I've never seen that before or since. A PERFECT face for Yugoslavia and the summer of 1980..."
" Okay. Let's talk about 's tweet. I don't believe in Q, as knows. We don't talk about it. BUT. I went nuts a while back and did what Sommers did: I insulted all Q believers. Here's the context of my rant: The prediction was that the FBI would assassinate the president. So I went off. And then I apologized. Why? Because the vast majority of Q believers are good-faith believers. Insulting them is not helpful. Now, I have a bug up my butt about conspiracy theories. But ONLY when they are so outlandish that they can't possibly be true. For example, I was told that AH-64 Apache helicopter gunships strafed the crowd at Las Vegas. This is MADNESS. THAT kind of conspiracy theory is not even in the same dimension as believing in Q. What Q does--for the most part--is tell people that things are improving. Sommer says THIS: ""You only need to look at the string of violent acts committed by believers in similar right-wing conspiracy theories over the past two years — including the shooting at Comet Ping Pong — to see where promoting these kinds of conspiracy theories can lead."" He's talking about a guy who went into the restaurant and fired INTO THE CEILING. How many people have been MURDERED as a result of ""right-wing conspiracy theories""? Let's Google. Well, ""right wing conspiracy theory murders"" reveals...none. This is clearly a domestic affair. NOW, let's look at MAINSTREAM LEFTISTS who have committed MURDER or ATTEMPTED MURDER as a result of POLITICS, not conspiracy theories. This was BURIED. Unless you know the shooter's name, it's almost impossible to find. Aha! And they've made the article just a link. It doesn't open into a photo. We've had assassinations of police officers by black offenders. REPUBLICANS? Something tells me not. Bernie Sanders supporter. This is very interesting. I'm searching for stories in real time, and Google has made them impossible to find. At least FIVE Bernie supporters in their fifties and sixties were arrested in 2017 for terrorist threats and actions. Google has disappeared 'em. Okay. I admit defeat. What Google doesn't want shown will not be shown. We'll to be content with THIS. And with this. The point--even though Google has successfully HIDDEN THE EVIDENCE--is that right-wing conspiracy theories have NOT led to a wave of violence. On the other hand, MAINSTREAM DEMOCRATIC POLITICS have led to mass shootings and terrorism. If I'm able to find the stories of all the old men arrested in 2017 for plotting murder of conservatives, I'll post them in updates. Even though I MYSELF don't believe in Q, I'm not afraid of those who do. Mainstream DEMOCRATS have begun to scare the hell out of me... UPDATE ONE: UPDATE TWO: UPDATE THREE: I've screwed up my numbering. Stand by for corrections. UPDATE FOUR: This is one of the faces I remembered. ""You know how liberals are going to solve the Republican problem? They are going to get better aim. That last guy tried, but he needed better aim. We will get better aim."" Mainstream leftist politics. UPDATE FIVE: UPDATE SIX: reminds me. I've made my point... UPDATE SEVEN: "
" A story about the music industry, un-haunting, and coming full circle. One of my favorite bassists is John Taylor of . I interviewed him. What makes Taylor so brilliant is his style. It's almost impossible to develop a unique style. Taylor always had it, the moment he picked up the bass. He was also my favorite interview. Other interviews got me more press, but I REALLY enjoyed speaking with Taylor. A very nice, funny, thoughtful man. Not rock-star-ish in the slightest. I was VERY late for the interview, but he didn't care. See, I got lost. Like the family in The Accidental Tourist, my family is comprised of people who get lost going to the store. It's genetic. But Taylor just laughed. Here's how the music industry used to work: I was a nobody who submitted an article to the biggest bass magazine in the world, and they accepted it. That's how I got started. Then I was given a column called ""Unsung Stylists."" I wrote about bassist who had a unique style that wasn't fully appreciated. When I wrote about John Taylor, we got a flood of mail, so my editor asked me to do a feature-length interview. I started playing the bass in 1980. At the time, I was a rock-and-roller. My first bass was a Fender MusicMaster. I bought it without any guidance, so I didn't know that it was a short-scale bass. Also, I'm left handed, so I had to play it upside down. My roommate Joe drew a picture of me. Joe was punk, so I learned punk music. But he also listened to progressive rock. INSANE stuff. In 1982, I heard this song, and it changed my life. It was the best bass line I'd ever heard. I was a bass-head by then, so I listened to all the greats: John Paul Jones, Ray Shulman, Chris Squire... They were magnificent. But John Taylor had STYLE. Note choice, tone, and ""feel,"" as it's called. Taylor fools around with the rhythm, going slightly ahead or behind the beat. Nobody plays like him. So I listened to Duran Duran whenever I could. Then I heard that Taylor was going to be in a band called The Power Station. I had no idea what to expect. The Power Station performed on Saturday Night Live, Season 10 Episode 14, February 16, 1985. They played this song. I was BLOWN OUT OF MY SHOES. The bass line is truly amazing. Your know why? At the end of each verse, Taylor does this thumb-slapping part that is virtually impossible to figure out by listening. If you go on YouTube, you'll see lots of bass covers of ""Some Like it Hot."" Not one person gets it right. Not ONE. There are videos of Duran Duran playing the song live, but they never show Taylor's right hand when he does the thumb-slapping part. Season 10 Episode 14 of Saturday Night Live is not available anywhere. I saw the episode once, 33 years ago. It haunted me. I tried for YEARS to figure out Taylor's thumb-slapping part. Like everyone else, I failed. Then I got osteoarthritis and had to give up playing the bass in 2002. Everything turned to crap. I failed as a music journalist, a military historian, and then a novelist. Both my parents committed suicide, and I got Meniere's disease and was diagnosed with the worst PTSD the psychiatrist had ever seen. And he treated combat veterans. Well, I found a copy of Season 10 Episode 14 of Saturday Night Live. My source will remain a secret. For the first time in 33 years, I watched John Taylor play Some Like it Hot live, and I saw exactly how he did the thumb-slapping part. It's as clear as day. For whatever reason, my osteoarthritis has gone away, so I'm relearning how to play the electric bass. Behold a sloppy rendition of the John Taylor bass riff that eluded me for 33 years. It's not the whole bass LINE; it's just the part that I could never play. With practice, I'll get it down, and then I'll be able to play ALL of ""Some Like it Hot."" You know what that means, don't you? John Taylor and I will be the only two people in the world who can play it. But of course I'll never be able to play it the way HE does. Good things happen when you least expect it, so you should never give up. All will be well. And THANK YOU, John. This riff is my little life preserver. Finally knowing how to play it is FAR more rewarding than I thought it would be..."
" So: The Houthis are the Iran-backed rebels trying to take over Yemen. I'll translate part of this article about Houthi prisoners. ""A prisoner of the Al- Houthi militia revealed that they had received cultural and combat courses by experts from the Lebanese Hezbollah Party before the militia pushed them to the various fronts."" So they were indoctrinated and given military training. How long were they trained? ""He stressed that the combat and cultural courses and military exercises they had undergone for two months were by experts from the Lebanese 'Hezbollah'."" This prisoner is a civilian given a TOTAL of two months' training. AND that ""training"" included indoctrination. Let's look at the US Army. First we have Basic Combat Training (BCT). BCT is is ten weeks. That's 2.5 months. After BCT we have Advanced Individual Training (AIT). The US Army uses Military Occupational Specialty (MOS) numbers. An infantryman is 11B. That requires 10 weeks BCT and 4 weeks AIT, for a total of 14 weeks of training. After an infantryman is sent to his duty station, he takes part in regular exercises to hone his skills. So the Houthis on the front line are getting VERY shoddy training. Iran and Hezbollah are using them as cannon fodder. The South Korean Special Forces train the United Arab Emirates Presidential Guard strategic special forces for a full year at a base in the UAE. It APPEARS that Iran and Hezbollah are following the exact trajectory of all failing totalitarian systems: As they begin to lose, they switch over to indoctrination. Russian history is amazing. Tsar Nicholas II abdicated on March 15, 1917. He was replaced by the Russian Provisional Government, which came up with a BRILLIANT idea: Battalions of Death! They would raise the morale of the army by going out and getting slaughtered. How do you suppose THAT worked? The Russians were able to carry out one last offensive before the communists took over on November 7, 1917. The offensive failed. Battalions of Death didn't motivate others to die. In fact plenty of Russian troops fired on the Battalions of Death, making them run away. By the summer of 1917, Russian troops would take votes on whether or not they would obey orders. So it APPEARS that Iran and Hezbollah are at the Battalions of Death phase. It's a very good sign for civilization. I've written A LOT about Hezbollah. I said a long time ago that it was VERY likely that the Gulf Cooperation Council would infiltrate Lebanon and ""hollow out"" Hezbollah. Hezbollah wouldn't announce this to the world, and how could they stop it? If Hezbollah fighting posts in Lebanon are ALREADY being taken down one by one, what in the world can Hezbollah do in response? So I think the fact that Houthis are getting two months of training AND indoctrination shows that Iran and Hezbollah are desperate. I think this will all be resolved fairly soon..."
" let's me re-tell a story. We'll go from one end of the spectrum to the other. I'll start with the religious end. When I lived in Tokyo from 1985 to 1991, I met the love of my life. Her deal was freaks. Not PHYSICAL freaks, but mental freaks. She didn't make fun of them; she studied them. Mental processes fascinated her, so she spent time with the most tedious, irritating weirdos who ever lived. I have no interest in studying weirdos, so this was a bone of contention between us. Easily the most horrifying weirdo my ex-love ever found was a woman who I'll call ""Betsy."" Betsy was PERKY, and she had a pyramid-shaped hairdo. This is the best way for you to visualize her. I could not STAND her. My ex-love talked me into seeing ""Working Girl"" with Betsy, who had already seen the film. I HATED the movie. Melony Griffith was not attractive in the least, and Harrison Ford was drunk. Since Betsy had seen the movie, she would ostentatiously begin laughing BEFORE a ""funny."" She laughed like Curly Howard. I despised Betsy. Everything about her was off-putting. Hate at first sight. At the time, I was a colossal drunk. My ex-love and our buddies and I went out every night and got bombed. After Betsy joined the school, she accompanied us, but she never drank. One of our friends was a really nice guy I'll call ""Mike."" Funny as hell, really sweet, and he did trombone solos with his mouth. As he moved from place to place, he did these amazing jazz solos, improvising. Not intrusive: amazing. Great art. So we're all out one night, and Mike asks Betsy, ""Why don't you ever drink?"" And she says, ""Because of my religion."" ""Are you Muslim?"" I asked, knowing she wasn't. ""No. Christian."" ""Christians are allowed to drink,"" I said. ""Not the real ones."" I was done, but Mike asked, ""What happens to people who drink?"" ""You're all going to hell,"" Betsy says chirpily. ""So why are spending every night with people who going to hell?"" I asked. ""Oh, well, that's YOUR problem, not mine!"" Now she was smirking. ""Well, at least in hell I'll be with my friends and not people like you,"" I said. ""What if she's right?"" Mike asked. He was white as a sheet. See, he was a sweet guy with problems. And she'd scared him. ""She's NOT right,"" I said. At the time I didn't believe in God. Which brings me to the OPPOSITE end of the spectrum. On Twitter, I've been the target of multiple coordinated attack campaigns. Jew-haters, Nazis, leftists, anime pud pullers... The longest, most vicious attack campaign was by atheists. It lasted six weeks. I have too many followers now to subject you to that kind of craziness, so I won't repeat what I said. It was ONE SENTENCE--pure opinion--and all it did was define two words. And for THAT, thousands of atheists came after me. I make no distinction between Betsy and those atheists. When your goal is to inflict harm, you are an EVIL person. Betsy was HAPPY that we were all going to hell. It cheered her up. The atheists who came after me did everything they possibly could to drive me off of social media. Those were the most person attacks I've ever experienced on social media. Before I found my belief in God, I was deeply afraid of what would happen after I died. I wasn't afraid of hell; I was afraid of eternity. How would I survive eternal consciousness? My enlightenment began in the shower, in San Francisco, on July 27, 1992. It was 6:30 a.m. As I showered, I pondered that terrible question: How can anyone survive eternal consciousness without going insane? And it hit me: There's absolutely no way that I can comprehend what is in store for me, so I need to stop worrying. I need to trust God and get on with my life. And I lost my fear. Instantly. Trying to comprehend eternity is like trying to comprehend the world by looking through a microscope. It can't be done. But the point NOW is to improve the self and not worry about what we can't comprehend. And I'm actually much CLOSER now to being to comprehend the other side. It's on the tip of my tongue. So I don't fight with people about their beliefs. I don't try to talk people into anything. And I DESPISE those who try to scare AND those who make fun. I think a plurality or majority of people are scared. That's why they adopt either a smug ""I'm saved! F*ck you!"" attitude or its opposite: ""There's is no God! F*ck you!"" Well, I'm a firm believer in God. It took YEARS of thought to get there. If you ask, you'll be given answers. But it requires concentration. Stephen Crane wrote a poem about it. If you strive for those melodies, you'll hear them. Guaranteed..."
" The rodeo clown is an example of what keeps happening in the US. So, the rodeo clown wrote a bill instructing the State and Defense Departments to ""develop a strategy to combat Boko Haram."" In order to FIGHT Boko Haram, we have to send SOLDIERS on Advise and Assist (A&A) missions. The four Green Berets were ambushed by the Islamic State in Niger. The Islamic State and Boko Haram ARE THE SAME. See what's south of Niger? Nigeria. The rodeo clown writes a bill that calls for the US to send soldiers to Nigeria, which means they'll end up in Niger. THEN, when a soldier is killed, the rodeo clown makes a thinly veiled accusation of racism against the current president. In 1994, black American politicians pushed for and got more severe penalties for crack cocaine than powder cocaine. This was done with the FULL KNOWLEDGE that the laws would impact blacks disproportionately. NOW, the very same black politicians say that these laws--which THEY PASSED--are racist. The insanity must end. All accusations of racism must be met with derision. This country put its head on the chopping block TWICE in order to elect a black president. We've paid our dues. Black politicians like the rodeo clown are plumbing the depths of depravity. It has to stop. So, between elections, we must laugh in the faces of those who make the accusation of racism. Then we vote them out of office. Laugh, vote, laugh, vote, and so on. The latest news is that the Green Berets in Niger DID NOT CALL FOR AIR SUPPORT FOR AN HOUR. The Green Berets initially felt they could handle he situation. This has NOTHING TO DO WITH TRUMP OR RACE. Rodeo clowns and men with beige teeth are in the minority. Vicious mockery--such as pointing out that this leftist degenerate has teeth the color of an Abrams tank--will stop them. No more than two dozen came after me, demanding apologies. No. Never. You guys started this little fight. I didn't want it. But support the president. And I will defend him. No more race issue. It ends here. We mock and we vote until they ALL FALL DOWN..."
" I lost all my faith in journalists in 2014, when I saw them collude with Hamas to blame Israel for the deaths of Ismail, Mohammed, Ahed, and Zakaria Bakr. Every single journalist on the beach on July 16, 2014, knew exactly what was happening. Hamas murdered the boys, and the press covered it up. Western journalists say that Israel is Nazi Germany, so helping terrorists murder four little boys is moral. Or something. After the Gaza war, I knew that most western journalists are depraved, so I gave up on the business. But Trump will defeat them all. Just watch. And he won't even break a sweat..."
" More circumstantial evidence that this is regime change. ""Recently, Hamza Abu Abbas, “the Syrian,” toured the border with Israel. Abu Abbas is the commander of the Iraqi “Al-Bakr Brigade” stationed in Syria as part of the Shiite Foreign Legion."" ""It was reported that Abu Abbas’ visit was part of a series of visits by commanders from the Iraqi Shi’ite militias..."" ""With future visits planned for commanders coming from the Yemeni Houthi militia, as well as from the Pakistani Fatimid and Afghani Abul Fadl al-Abbas contingents stationed in Syria."" Syrians, Iranians, Iraqis, Yemenis, Pakistanis, and Afghans massing on the Golan Heights. That's quite a demonstration of how dangerous the Iranian mullahs are. They were goaded into putting on this display. And I think they'll regret it..."
" Check THIS out: city of Shiraz. Some cops fight (left), the others just stand there and watch (right). A cop in full riot gear runs to the motorcycle and hops on the back. The cops get out of Dodge, chased by a thundering herd of protesters. And the woman filming LAUGHS and thinks, ""This is the best day of my life!"" Well, it's going to get MUCH better, I think..."
" How stupid is ? THIS stupid. Let me explain something that Joe was too stupid to perceive: I didn't know ANYTHING about . Literally nothing, except that he was rich and had a TV show. When Trump announced his candidacy, I thought it was a self-serving publicity stunt. I got that impression through osmosis. I haven't watched TV in almost ten years. I watched a couple of Trump campaign appearances, and I was very impressed with how genuine he is. A billionaire with the common touch. Never seen that before. So I changed my mind and thought that Trump was running in order to make a point. Then he'd drop out. I had completely given up on politics, so I was not going to vote anymore, in any elections. Both parties were nothing but lying hacks out for themselves. I watched the first GOP debate and was surprised that Trump wasn't more assertive. Trump was completely different in the second GOP debate, so I went back and watched the first again. And I was stunned by what I saw: Trump used the entire first debate to study his opponents, to gauge their strengths and weaknesses, and to figure out how to take each one down. So I began studying TRUMP, and I learned that his Bible is The Art of War, by Sun Tzu. I'm a military buff. ANYONE who swears by The Art of War is a very smart person. I began to see that Trump was actually APPLYING Sun Tzu's dicta, and I realized two things: One, Trump would win. I put that in writing the night before the election. The second thing I realized is that Trump would be our greatest president, by a staggering margin. I didn't just decide that; Trump PROVED it to me. He EARNED my faith in him. Years ago, I saw an interview with the man who has the highest recorded IQ in human history. He said something very important. Each increment of 10 IQ points divides people from each other. People whose IQs are ten points apart can't communicate with each other, because the people with the lower score simply can't comprehend the other person. Joe Scarborough is a man with a VERY ordinary mind. He can't comprehend Trump. This book is for people with ordinary minds. ""The anecdote comes in light of a new book by journalist Michael Wolff that repeatedly suggests Trump is not well-read and may be incapable of absorbing important information for carrying out presidential business."" Now, how stupid do you have to be to believe that a man who APPLIES Sun Tzu's lessons is also not well read and is incapable of absorbing important information for carrying out presidential business? Joe is as easily fooled as a child. Joe looks at tweets and anonymous claims, and Joe believes them. We can all agree that the Saudi government is not known for adolescent frivolity. Why did the Saudis welcome Trump the way they did? Joe will simply put that aside and say, ""But TWEETS!"" Okay, Joe. Fine. Sing for your supper. I challenge anyone to get through this godawful song. Here's a much better song, much more apropos for the Trump era. We'll pack up our things Maybe get married Throw off that weak, wussy Feeling we carried Bring it all home In a bag to be buried After the storm"
" Richard Lewis told a story about a friend. This describes ME too. The friend was at a wedding. ""Have a drink!"" said the father of the bride. ""No thanks. I don't drink."" ""Come on! This is my daughter! Come on! Come on! Come on!"" So finally the guy said, ""All right. I'll have a drink. Then I'll have another, and then I'll kill the bottle."" ""Then I'll get on the phone to my ex-connection and have him fix up a bindle of heroin, and then I'll get some cocaine and speed."" ""So let's do it!"" The father backed off. Tatum O'Neal did a series with her horrific father Ryan. My brother and I watched it. Over the course of the series, everyone systematically beat Tatum into ground. By the end, she was a robot, saying, ""You're right, Dad. I agree with everything you say."" It was on the OWN Network, which specializes in quack therapy. My brother and I predicted that Tatum would immediately relapse, and so she did. EVERYTHING. Heroin, coke, booze. I had my problems with my father, but he had no power whatsoever to make me relapse. We never confronted him, but he liked to bitch about what losers we were. So one day I said, ""Have you ever wondered why we're all losers in exactly the same way, like we came from a factory?"" Here's what he did. I took care of him as he died. Changed his diapers. Wasn't hard at all, because it was about HIM, not me. An hour after he died, my house was filled with the scent of Old Spice, and I felt a presence standing behind me. I said, ""Dad, I'm truly happy that dying didn't kill you, but now I need some time off from you. Please."" The presence vanished. But he comes back every now and then. He's working on himself, a little at time. He comes back here for breathers..."
" Anatomy of a leftist deception operation. I found a Stephen Paddock on Twitter. I didn't post about him because I had wrongly identified another man as the the Las Vegas shooter. Stephen Craig Paddock was 64 when he committed his mass murder and was then killed by the police. The reports are that the murderer had eight rifles, two shooting platforms, and cameras on the hallways to alert him to cops. He was on the 32nd floor of the hotel, 320+ feet above the crowd, and over 1400 feet away. Here are all the shooting videos together. This was a true atrocity. Words can't describe it. When I found Stephen Paddock on Twitter, he had five followers. He joined Twitter in 2010 but hasn't tweeted. Now he has 30 followers, and they're all FAKE Trump supporters. Look at the most recent. They're fake white nationalists. Never let a crisis go to waste. First we had Operation Katrina, the attempt to make President Trump seem indifferent to the plight of Puerto Rico. Now we have leftists trying to tie a mass murderer to non-leftists. Who is this Twitter Stephen Paddock? I don't know. But it's clear that leftists think he's the murderer, and they're running another of their inhuman political operations. Write it down. Keep a diary. For November of 2018. Electoral extermination. THAT'S what leftists deserve. Give it to them."
" A question that explains George W. Bush and predicts the future. Remember Bush's pathological refusal to defend himself? Bob Woodward explained it: Every president wants to differentiate himself from his predecessors. Bush felt that EXPLAINING was MAKING EXCUSES. Like Bill Clinton. Remember that Bill had insinuated himself into the Bush family, to the point that Barbara called him another son. Bill is considered a massive success. George W. was a screw-up. So Bill carried out a mission of ruthless psychological warfare and actually infiltrated the Bush family. George W. then shut his mouth forever and let all his enemies define him. Mission accomplished by Bill. This dynamic allows me to predict the fate of the Democrats. Elizabeth Warren already said that the party needs to junk the Clinton-style centrism. We're going to see the Clintons in a hell of a lot of trouble between now and 2020. That's why the rats are deserting the SS Clinton as it gently settles beneath the waves. In order to differentiate themselves from the people who ""cost them everything,"" the Democrats will run a Stalinist in 2020. The platform will be astronomically high taxes, free crap for everybody, and total government control of speech and property. Trump will be re-elected by all 50 states. That's what will happen. Count on it..."
" So how do you know that James ""Mad Dog"" Mattis is running our wars? Well, here's a video from four days ago. And here's another from a couple of weeks ago. Each of the dark spots is a hole from a 30mm round. But just in case there were still a few Taliban molecules intact, the van got seconds. And THIS is from today. I've never see THREE fireballs from one munition. Also, you can hear a sniper fire two rounds. Someone tried to get away. See, Trump hates war. He HATES it. But he's a realist who understands that you have to fight to win. No half-measures. All these hermaphrodites are bitching about the horror of a parade, totally unaware that B-52s are dumping Vietnam-style loads on terrorists. Too funny. The master of strategic distraction..."
" Here's what Obama did: Obama implemented ""restorative justice"" policies that prevented criminal students from being arrested. Because the mass murderer was not arrested EVER, he passed the background check and was allowed to buy the semiautomatic rifle. Thus we see AGAIN that the problem is not the NRA or guns. The problem is LEFTISM. ""Broward school Superintendent Robert W. Runcie – a Chicagoan and Harvard graduate with close ties to President Obama and his Education Department – signed an agreement with the county sheriff and other local jurisdictions to trade cops for counseling."" ""Students charged with various misdemeanors, including assault, would now be disciplined through participation in 'healing circles,' obstacle courses and other 'self-esteem building' exercises."" The goal was to make it almost impossible to charge students with crimes. Thus the the NUMBER of reported crimes plummeted. All the leftists calling the NRA murderers? YOU GUYS are the ones who facilitate murder. ""Asserting that minority students, in particular, were treated unfairly by traditional approaches to school discipline, Runcie’s goal was to slash arrests and ensure that students, no matter how delinquent, graduated without criminal records."" Here's why leftism is insane: Leftists want to punish everyone EXCEPT CRIMINALS. The Florida mass murderer was committing felonies AT SCHOOL for years, but he was never charged. So we have an ACTUAL CRIMINAL being allowed to run rampant, while leftists tell me that I am the problem because I own firearms. The worst president in American history. The Obama ""Justice"" Department made it impossible to hold repeat offenders, and the ""Education"" Department made it impossible to arrest criminal students. Leftism is 100 percent destructive. It has NOTHING WHATSOEVER to recommend it. This is why I'm sickened by all you blithering dopes caught up in the soap opera of Washington. OBAMA'S POLICIES KILL. We need to get rid of them as fast as possible. Mueller doesn't matter. ""Restorative justice"" DOES..."
"@RacistOnline (1) In 2014, I started debunking Palestinian propaganda. As a result, I started getting hacked by the Islamic State. They sent death threats too. I spoke to the FBI, the Israelis, and then eventually the Saudis, and they told me that I wasn't in danger. See, I wasn't attacking ISLAM. But I still always make sure to have situational awareness, and I'm always armed. @RacistOnline (3) So after the second GOP debate, someone asked me who I supported for president, and I said Trump. This infuriated so many Jewish people that I had to block hundreds. @RacistOnline (4) Initially I tried reasoning with them, but it wasn't possible. I was a Nazi for supporting Trump. This is after I got DEATH THREATS from the Islamic State for defending Israel. I told that to these people calling me a Nazi. They didn't care. ""Who asked you to defend us?"" was the response I got most often. @RacistOnline (6) It was a real eye opener. It made me realize that politics makes people insane and evil. The idea that Trump is a Nazi is so stupid that anyone who believes it doesn't deserve to be in the same company of Trump supporters anyway. @RacistOnline (7) And that piece--about how Trump is chasing away Jewish people--is from Nate Silver's organization. He was not right ONCE when it came to Trump. @RacistOnline (8) He wrote over a dozen pieces about how it was impossible for Trump to be president. I don't understand why anybody listens to him. @RacistOnline (9) In the end, nobody's required to be rational. I'm completely indifferent to those who hate Trump. He'll be reelected easily, and then they can spend the rest of their lives bitching. @RacistOnline (10) Every now and then, some fossil on Twitter pipes up about Richard Nixon. Can you imagine still being pissed off about Nixon? The mind boggles..."
" Obama said that al-Qaeda was on the run. The Benghazi attack involved 150 al-Qaeda terrorists. That makes it the biggest attack since 9/11. We can't count al-Qaeda fighting in Syria, since they were engaged in actual warfare. Benghazi was an attack on ""soft targets."" During Obama's presidency, everything possible was done to cover up his endless blunders. Benghazi is simply a case of four Americans being sacrificed in order to save the former president from himself. The attackers were identified as al-Qaeda DURING THE ATTACK. Everybody KNEW it was al-Qaeda. There were 150 men with gun trucks, mortars, rocket-propelled grenades, and antitank guided missiles. That means there was tons of radio traffic. The commanders had to make sure that the terrorists didn't accidentally kill each other. US intelligence HEARD FOR ITSELF that al-Qaeda was attacking. AND there's more. The security contractors had laser target markers. Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods were killed by a direct hit with a mortar round. Doherty and Woods KNEW FULL WELL that terrorists can use cell phones to see the lasers used in target marking. If you can see the laser, you can pinpoint the SOURCE. We're told that Doherty and Woods used visible lasers to ""warn the terrorists away."" How likely is that? They were already attacked once, and they were under attack again. Would they chance exposing themselves to WARN these terrorists? Or did they think they had armed aerial platforms overhead? Were they ""painting"" a target? There were two unarmed drones overhead, we're told. Did the two former SEALs think the drones were armed? Did they paint targets, thinking a missile would take them out, but instead the terrorists located the two SEALs? Is that ANOTHER aspect of the Benghazi fiasco that was covered up? I don't know. BUT. Everyone knew AT THE TIME that al-Qaeda was attacking. So they covered it up to protect Obama. It's as simple as that..."
" It's been years since I read the novel. As I recall, the kids all had sex to defeat the giant spider. I can think of a billion ways in which kids can defeat a giant spider while keeping their clothes on. King's fiction has a theme: hatred of children. I think I know why. A quote from a character: ""All parents hate their children, because it's only after you have kids that you realize you're going to die."" King's father abandoned the family early. King has no memory of him. I think the worst of the child hatred was Pet Sematary. King's wife Tabitha begged him not to published it. The movie is beyond horrific. An evil zombie toddler who must be killed by his own father. I admit it: I'm an elitist. I don't like people with ordinary minds. NOW WAIT A SECOND. Followers are saying, ""Well, I'M ordinary."" Bull. Virtually every single say one of my followers says something brilliant that I would never have come up with. What was it? ""A new subgenre of totally cringe worthy material I didn't know about."" That's not ME; that the guy who follows me. I don't HAVE ordinary followers. Stephen King is ordinary. He hates the military, he's stuck in the Vietnam era, he's terrified of death, he was a titanic boozer. King was hit by a car as he took a walk. It nearly killed him. AND HE DIDN'T CHANGE. Have you ever known someone given a second chance at life, and they get WORSE? They get BITTER? My father made it to the hospital with seconds to spare. They did a quintuple bypass. I went into Intensive Care and asked when he was. ""Right in front of you,"" they said. Well, lying in front of me was what looked like an otter carved from Swiss cheese. It looked three feet long. That was my father. I've never been so walloped with horror. This tiny, yellowish, gape-mouthed, unconscious otter was my father. But he came through with flying colors and made a full recovery. Was he grateful? NO. He became more difficult than ever. Just like Stephen King the billionaire. You know what I'd do with a billion dollars? Invest it so that it threw off $100 million a year. AND... I'd secretly give that all away. And I'd leave trusts to all my nieces and nephews. Doesn't it freak you out when you see someone trying to raise $12,000 for a good cause, and they DON'T MAKE IT? Hello? Stephen? As long as you're bitter, and your money doesn't bring you pleasure, why not give it all away? King says he won't give away his money unless ALL rich people do the same. In other words, he'll never give away his money. What a waste of a life and a billion dollars..."
" No, not a right winger. Just insane. Inability to feel emotions. Lusting after power. They do this because they hope it'll make them powerful and finally feel something. No AR-15, so this mass shooting will go the way of the YouTube mass shooting carried out by the Iranian vegan... "
" Stuff nobody else tells you. Not conspiracy theorists, and not this guy. Conspiracy theorists think the Las Vegas shooter had skills. Let me show you what they don't even know about. Mosul: How would you take THIS target? The terrorists had 400 human shields. How did the Iraqis get intelligence on these sorts of targets? What I've been talking about for almost three years has finally been revealed. Arab commandos are attached to Iraqi and Syrian units. These commandos infiltrate Islamic State positions and move freely. This man is a Gulf Arab. He appears to be Afro-Arab. Commandos attached to the Iraqis infiltrated the al-Jamhuri Hospital. They walked in and passed for terrorists. This is what the Pentagon said about the hospital. How do you take an 11-story hospital with 400 human shields? But they did it. The hostages were released, and the terrorists were all killed. My guess is that a handful of commandos infiltrated and went from floor to floor, killing the terrorists one a time. Each dead terrorist was hidden, and the commandos likely put on the deceased's clothes. All this blathering about the Las Vegas shooter's alleged skills is truly reprehensible. Iraq is FULL of men with REAL skills. The Mauritanian Presidential Guard Battalion (BASEP). Top-tier special operators. This man is likely a field-grade officer. A general. Every time he spoke, they edited out the sound. Not an Iraqi. This man (right) got furious when he realized he was being filmed. He tried to move out of camera range, and then he laughed. A human wolf. He was advising the Iraqi Federal Police colonel on scene. Uniformed as an Iraqi, this man has the most highly modified weapon I've ever seen. Look at the front grip. Another one-of-a-kind weapon that combines the M16 and the AK-47. These men are trained to fight in enclosed spaces. They're experts in close combat. Many of them aren't even armed. Here's a once-in-a-lifetime video. Islamic State position. A commando appears, conducting surveillance. Right in the middle of the terrorists. These men just walk right up. Right out in the open. Imagine having the guts to do that. This is why I hold conspiracy theorists in contempt. They ascribe magical powers to clumsy, evil losers. There IS real magic going on. To find it, you just have to know where to look..."
" asks about Bashar al-Assad. What we're seeing in Syria is a new approach that's never been tried before. The same operation is now happening in Iran. How many times have you heard, ""Just kill the dictator""? Well, it doesn't work. Assad and the Iranian mullahs have the survival instincts of wild animals. They've thought of EVERYTHING... Except for this: What happens if the armed forces and internal security forces can be ""turned""? The dictator falls bloodlessly. The Syrians rose up ON THEIR OWN in 2011, and Assad immediately began slaughtering them. He uses shabiha. ""Ghosts."" The shabiha are Alawites, like Assad. They torture, rape, and murder with total freedom. Assad stays in power by pitting sects against each other. The reason the Syrian uprising became a war is that the shabiha murdered 13-year-old Hamza Ali Al-Khateeb. DO NOT GOOGLE HIM. The shabiha deliver bodies back to their relatives as a warning. The al-Khateeb family videotaped what was done to their son and had it smuggled out of Syria. As a result, Syrians trapped a group of shabiha in a building and burned it down. A massive percentage of the military defected and formed the Free Syrian Army. Then al-Qaeda, the Islamic State, and other jihadists arrived. So far, over 450,000 people have been killed. The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) did not get involved on a large scale until October of 2015. I'm positive that it took that long to convince the locals to accept help. Since October of 2015, Assad has had his armed forces and internal security forces whittled down. The only thing keeping him afloat is Iran. Did you see this story? That was Iran. They used tanks and heavy artillery. And then Iran did THIS. Iran is trying to cause a regional war. What does that tell you about Assad's situation? Correct. Assad is hanging on by his fingernails. Why? Because all of Assad's armed might has been reduced to almost nothing. The Israelis just destroyed HALF of Syria's air-defense system. Despite the fact that Assad is a brutal dictator, Syria has a functioning government. So Assad will go, and THEN the government will call for elections. At THAT point, the Syrians choose their own destiny. What happened in Iraq was that the entire government fled, and the country fell into chaos. That won't happen in Syria. And I can prove it. On June 12, 2014, the Islamic State murdered 1700 Shia air force cadets at Camp Speicher. They marched them into the desert, made them lie down, and shot them. Camp Speicher is in the Sunni city of Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown. Residents of Tikrit took part in the massacre. The Iraqis took back Tikrit on April 17, 2015. Most of the Iraqi troops were Shia militiamen. Everyone feared a retaliatory bloodbath. Remember all the sectarian murders in Iraq? But there was no bloodbath. SOMEBODY--we don't know who--went into Tikrit and mediated a deal. The city elders turned over the residents who had taken part in the massacre. Then the elders read a statement to the militia, taking personal responsibility. The city formally apologized for the massacre and agreed to build a memorial. The Iraqi government agreed to pay lifetime pensions to the families of the dead. The cycle of violence was broken. Don't kid yourself: Behind the kindness of the unknown mediators was firepower that we can't even imagine. But it was never publicized. This will happen in Syria and Iran. After the dictators fall, the citizens will work out peaceful solutions. And in the shadows will be standing men and women with that unbelievable firepower. After a period of peace and stability, the men and women in the shadows will go home to their own families. And the nightmare will FINALLY be over..."
" Some context for what MAY be regime change in Iran. CIA Director Mike Pompeo: ""You need to only look to the past few weeks and the efforts of the Iranians to exert influence in northern Iraq, in addition to other places in Iraq, to see that Iranian efforts to be the hegemonic power throughout the Middle East continues to increase.” National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster: ""About 80 per cent of Assad fighters are Iranian proxies in Syria to establish a land bridge over into the Mediterranean."" In Syria, Iran created the Shi'ite Foreign Legion, comprised of Iraqis, Lebanese, Yemenis, Afghans, and Pakistanis. This proxy army is now on the Israeli border. Then McMaster spilled the beans. ""What we have in place now is a comprehensive strategy for Iran, and denying Iran all access to a nuclear weapons is one part of that strategy. Countering behaviour is another critical part of the strategy."" So what is the only surefire way of making sure the mullahs stop doing what they're doing? Regime change. That'll get the job done..."
" So how skilled are our allies the Saudis? The Saudis use the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport. It carries cargo and troops. The rear door is open. You can drop supplies and troops from the sky, or you can can do THIS. Why did he duck? There was at least seven feet between his head and the bottom of the fuselage. The reason they fly this low is to go under the radar and drop pallets out the back door. Low Altitude Parachute Extraction System (LAPES). Another LAPES delivery. Then we have the combat or tactical landing. And another tactical landing. I've HEARD that the Saudis and Emiratis and Qataris can fly at this height for hours... "
" A story about homeless people. As a person with depression and PTSD, I often do odd things that are sort of last-ditch. They keep me going. I used to take nighttime walks in South Pasadena. It was a 45-minute drive, but I found it truly magical. Nobody in South Pasadena has curtains. Don't ask me why. I discovered by looking into the houses as I walked past that there are no women between the ages 45 and 80. Men of all ages, but every 80-year-old man had a 35-year-old wife. And giant chandeliers. And portraits in oil on the walls. They had those old Disneyland street lamps, wit hthe fluted metal bodies and the glass acorn on top. The sidewalks go AROUND the trees, as though they built the houses in some kind of magical grove. A really relaxing place to walk. One night I went to an old church and was just standing by the front door, taking in the night air. Up comes a homeless man and his homeless female companion. They were Native American. I knew they were homeless because they had bedrolls. They guy starts to circle me. ""What the f*ck are YOU doin' here, man?"" he asked. Like dogs, the homeless stake out territories that they make by crapping and pissing. This was HIS church. ""I'm just enjoying the night,"" I said. He had one hand in his pocket. ""Yeah, well, maybe you'd better f*ckin' go enjoy the night somewhere else,"" he said. I said, ""Okay, I'll do that."" As I left, he said, ""Yeah, you BETTER f*ckin' go!"" and took a step toward me. So touchingly innocent! I HATE most people, and I had a loaded .357 magum pistol in my left hand, down by my leg. You know what I was thinking of doing? I was thinking of shooting him in the nutsack with a hollow-point bullet, and then when he fell down, I'd say, ""What? I can't hear you! Speak up! Somebody's screaming too loud for me to understand you!"" I never went back to South Pasadena. A homeless manimal ruined it all for me. That guy was spoiled by the eunuchs he intimidates every day. He's probably not even alive anymore. My guess is he pulled that stunt on the wrong person. I didn't even think of him as a human being. He was just this aggressive dog that was going to attack me for no reason. The two of them even stank like dogs. I'm glad I didn't commit murder that night. Homeless manimals aren't worth going to jail for. But it would've been very easy. He was just about to do something really stupid. Here's the thing about homeless people: They actually have no sense of survival, because so many good leftist Californians give them food, money, and a place to pitch their stinking tents. That MORON was lost in his own fantasy of bad-assery. He showing off for his moon-faced companion, so he couldn't sense how close to death he was. I've had so much taken from me in this life. I really LOVED walking in South Pasadena at night. So I was VERY angry that a homeless swine was going o take THAT from me. Homeless people CHOOSE to live in filth and debauchery. I didn't CHOOSE my life. So it would've been VERY easy for me to remove that scumbag from the planet. All I had to do was stand here until he attacked. But I backed down, because I have miles to go before I sleep. I'm not a homeless scumbag who gets off on pushing people around. I still marvel that the guy literally had no idea that I was holding a loaded pistol in my left hand, in the shadows. I brought it in case I had to deal with scumbags like him. And he didn't anticipate that! California is going to require decades to come back from this, if ever. Luckily it's not my problem..."
" The yellow patch is the face of Abdullah Öcalan. The video is a combination of actual fighting in the background and people shooting their rifles for the camera. In October of 2015, the Gulf Cooperation Council began attaching commandos to Kurdish units, after the Kurds agreed. The Kurds are brave fighters, but they haven't had the opportunity to undertake extensive training. In the Battle of Raqqa, for example, the assault troops were never filmed. We saw the second line, but never the assault troops. Syria is very complex. For example, the YPG is actually a conscript army. They can't get enough volunteers. Also, the YPG refused help from Iraqi Kurds. Kurds are loyal to political parties, not regions or people. The Patriotic Union of Kurdistan and the Kurdistan Democratic Party had a civil war in Iraq from 1994 to 1997. As many as 11,000 people were killed. So the GCC offered help that was finally accepted, after four years of fighting. The help isn't acknowledged, but you can see it in videos. These guys are supposed to be Kurds. I'm positive they're from the Mauritanian 1st Parachute Commando Battalion. These guys in Iraqi Kurdistan are Mauritanian Presidential Guard Battalion (BASEP). Their camouflage pattern is unique. They've been trained by everybody. What's happening is that the GCC is making sure that the post-Assad Syria isn't a disaster, the way the post-Saddam Iraq was..."
" An observation: Remember how Trump was welcomed in Saudi Arabia? Well, first Mohammed bin Salman came to the US to meet Trump. It's funny: Since March of 2015, the global press has reported that Mohammed bin Salman (MbS) is 32 years old. The press has opposed MbS from the beginning. The opposition is based on OSSIFICATION. Reporters run to fossils with minds stuck forever in 1983. This is what the fossils and the press want: First, the United States is to dominate Saudi Arabia. The fossils and the press can then complain about our imperialism. HOWEVER, the fossils and the press WANT American domination of Saudi Arabia because the Saudis are rich. That makes them EVIL. Also, the Saudis are ARABS, and Arabs must always KNOW THEIR PLACE. We in the west get to tell Arabs what to do. It's the natural order of things. So when the US dominates Saudi Arabia, everybody is happy: the fossils, the press, and the CORRUPT SAUDI PRINCES. The corrupt Saudi princes are like George Soros. The only thing that stimulates them anymore is POWER. Now, the fossils and the press support Arab corruption because again, it's the natural order of things. Arabs are corrupt. Period. Everything above is the status quo. Only corrupt Saudi princes and American politicians benefit. Now, MbS is the real thing. He's a revolutionary. Not only that, he's a HOLISTIC revolutionary. He's changing everything. He is NOT consolidating power. Very soon, Saudis will have more freedom than they've ever had before. Saudi Arabia will become a center for high-tech industry. They already have hidden factories. In order for Saudi Arabia to thrive, it must be free. MbS is preparing Saudi Arabia for freedom. On THEIR terms. The fossils, the press, and corrupt American politicians oppose this for two reasons: One, it's improvement. Improvement puts fossils, the press, and the corrupt out of jobs. And two, ARABS must not be allowed to become global leaders. They're ARABS. I'll say this bluntly but delicately: Everyone needs an N-word. Not EVERYONE, of course. My followers don't need N-words. If the Arabs become global leaders, it destroys every narrative out there. HUGELY powerful forces don't want the Arabs to lead. So I think MbS spoke to Trump about his plans, and Trump said, ""I'll support you 100 percent."" Think about the changes we're seeing. They're rocking the world. Right now, American support is crucial for the Saudis. Later, that support won't be necessary. The Saudis will be a global superpower. I think Trump agreed to help the Saudis DESTROY THE PAST. And that's why the Saudis are grateful..."
" is why the VA is in such terrible shape. He's talking about Trump. Strong specializes in internal medicine, but he playacts at being a psychiatrist. Also, Strong is motivated by pathological hate. The one person we KNOW doesn't have narcissistic personality disorder is Donald Trump. HOW do we know that? Because Trump DELEGATES AUTHORITY. A narcissist micromanages and then blames others for his failures. Even though Dr. Strong works at the VA, he doesn't know the story behind THIS. What the story that Strong doesn't know? THIS. There goes Dr. Strong's idiotic, ENTIRELY politically motivated ""diagnosis"" that Trump has narcissistic personality disorder. Dr. Strong is a surface skater. He's vacuous. Imagine working at the VA but knowing nothing about the current armed forces. That's Eric Strong! He lives in a bubble of self-regard and hate. I'm really tired of childish political partisans who have red bottoms from wearing dirty diapers for the past year. Here's a question: Can a man as stupid as Eric Strong actually BE A GOOD DOCTOR? I don't think so. If your son or daughter VOCALLY supported Roy Moore, would you trust Eric Strong with their lives? I wouldn't. Do you think I'm being unfair to Eric Strong? I don't. He's going on social media and using his nonexistent expertise to convince people that the president is mentally unfit to hold office. I think that makes Eric Strong mentally unfit to work around conservatives. Most soldiers are conservatives. When a doctor at the VA lets his HATRED of conservatives cloud his judgement to the extent that Eric Strong has, I think that proves the good doctor's inability to provide care for conservative soldiers. You're not just a disgrace, Dr. Strong: You're stupid, shallow, and destructive. I'd fire you in a second... ADDENDUM: Dr. Strong doesn't talk about mental-health issues on his YouTube channel. It's because he's not qualified to diagnose mental disorders. Physician, heal thyself. Moron..."
" Leftist ghoul keeps digging. What kind of partisan lunatic begins slamming the president 91 minutes after a casualty is announced? The Democrats are DOOMED."
" When I was in college, I discovered the most incredible comedy show ever made: SCTV. Well, everything that was a parody in 1981 is now reality. New Jersey governor Phil Murphy. Just your average guy. Martin Short and Eugene Levy playing mafiosos on SCTV. Governor Phil Murphy smiling. How did this man become governor? His smile is the stuff of nightmares. Is the entire state of New Jersey insane? This is OFF-THE-CHARTS ABNORMAL. He's worse than Mr. Sardonicus, because Mr. Sardonicus WASN'T REAL. Phil Murphy got elected despite being an absolute monstrosity. When a person has no idea how to smile, it means he's DANGEROUS. Each photo is worse than the last. We really have to UP OUR GAME as voters. Seriously: How did this FREAK get elected? I'm amazed that the entire state of New Jersey didn't scream in unison when he smiled. This is why I don't concentrate on American politics. New Jersey CHOSE this guy. In 1981 he would've been a character on SCTV. In 2018, he's governor of New Jersey..."
" This is the J-20, the Chinese stealth fighter. Let me count the ways in which it's garbage. It has canard wings behind the cockpit. Therefore it isn't a stealth fighter. Period. End of story. Those two little wings entirely defeat the idea of stealth. They will reflect radar like the side of a barn. The top of the J-20 is all sexy and curvy. The underside? Every straight line defeats the idea of stealth. That boxy underside shows that this is a pretend-stealth fighter. The air intakes are entirely square and unshielded. They're copied from an ancient Russian fighter. Straight lines = not stealthy. Finally, the thing is gigantic. Compare it to an F-35 (below). The Chinese have been trying for 15 years to market their copy of the McDonnell Douglas DC-9, the Comac ARJ21 Xiangfeng. It's a piece of junk. DON'T EVER FLY ON IT. The wing spar doesn't meet international standards. The wings are going to fall off. The Chinese ALWAYS CUT CORNERS, and they fantasize. In the hardware store, a Chinese immigrant began talking to me. He's a contractor. He left China because of the corruption. ""China is hell on earth,"" he told me. ""I'll die before I go back. I had no freedom there, and everyone was on the take."" He loved the US so much that he refuses to speak Mandarin anymore. His goal is to THINK in English. He got a lot off his chest. And he's a great American. Voluntary Americans are often the best of us..."
" To black Americans who say they hate this ""racist society"": Look at the SEWAGE you're consuming. That music is similar to what I use to illustrate mental illness. Look at the lyrics to ""Who Dat Boy."" They're unbelievable. ""Who dat boy? Who him is?"" This is stuff from MINSTREL SHOWS OF THE 1890s. ""That cherry be the bomb like he ran in Boston."" Celebration of terrorism. The rest is all about defiance, victimhood, and materialism. Just GREAT! Pure NIHILISM. That's not society's fault; that the fault of PARENTING. ""Won't stop 'til the cops surround him."" Wait: I thought cops were NOT supposed to take on black criminals. But Tyler, the Creator is CELEBRATING being killed by the police. It's something to ASPIRE TO. He's an artist who drips swag and is looking to get his face blown off by the cops. His own words! Thus, angry black people, America WASHES ITS HANDS OF YOU. ""Kill me! Don't shoot! Kill me! Don't shoot!"" I don't have the patience to wade through the pathology. Dr. Ben Carson working hard on change. Carson is a great man who will be successful. But black people need to HELP THEMSELVES. I now totally ignore all discussions of racism. The toxic nature of black pop culture means I don't HAVE to care. ""Shoot my face off, bitch, cuz my ass done be dat whodn-whodn bling dead coffin shyeet."" I'm supposed to RESPECT that? No way. Compare Tyler, the Creator to Joseph Conyers. I don't even LIKE classical music, but Conyers's interpretations draw me in. Conyers is from Philadelphia. He could smash your face into the cement if he wanted. But Conyers is about IMPROVEMENT, not nihilistic bitching and playacting and demanding free crap and burning neighborhoods. I respect Joseph Conyers, NOT Tyler, the Creator. And guess what? I don't CARE about racism. You can't ACT LIKE A RACIAL STEREOTYPE and then complain when people TREAT YOU LIKE ONE. ""Who dat boy? Who him is?"" A loser. That's who... ADDENDUM: Stanley Clarke. Not a loser. ADDENDUM TWO: Tyler, the Creator is making a bomb in front of a poster from ""Romeo and Juliet."" You can't find a better glamorization of violent nihilism. "
" I wanted to say something about this for a while. This man is 100 years old. The oldest doctor in the world. This is the actor Kirk Douglas. There are some unbelievably horrible stories about him and his treatment of women. Kirk's son Eric (left) was an actor, a drug abuser, and an alcoholic. Here he is at an event called Young Artists Speak Against Suicide at...The Comedy Store in Los angeles. One of the last performances Kirk gave was in an episode of a Twilight Zone style series. It took place in World War One. Eric was an army officer who was a coward. Kirk played his father, another officer. After a botched raid, Eric was tried, convicted, and sentenced to death for cowardice under fire. The night before the execution, Kirk went to see him in his cell, and Eric unloaded about how he'd lived his whole life in his father's shadow. So Kirk told him of the plan: The firing squad would have BLANK cartridges, so Eric could go to his death bravely, and then they would pretend to bury him, and he could go free. ""You're my son, and I love you,"" Kirk said. So Eric goes bravely to the firing squad, his father watching. The squad fires, and it's REAL BULLETS. Eric looks at his father in disbelief before he dies. Kirk's expression was horrific. It was triumphant disgust. ""Got you,"" the expression said. Eric died of a drug overdose at the age of 46 in 2004. And this is what Kirk has become. Much of what you see is plastic surgery. He went on a plastic surgery bender in his nineties. Are the stories about him true? I don't know. But I can't over that TV show where he and his son revealed all their REAL PROBLEMS, and then he happily double-crossed his son and watched him die with a look of total triumph. Kirk Douglas is symptomatic of Hollywood. Facelifts and lip implants when you're 100 years old? Also, he went on the Arsenio Hall show twenty years ago and talked about trying to buy a banjo when he was a child, but it was sold before he could get it, and it always haunted him. So Arsenio presented him with a banjo, and Douglas said, ""But this is the wrong kind! I wanted a FIVE-STRING banjo!"" I was quite stunned by that. I know A LOT about people who live very long lives based on making really REALLY bad decisions. Your bad decisions WEIGH ON YOU MORE the older you get. Atone while you can..."
" A thread from about Flynn, but FIRST! We need to explain something. Flynn pleaded guilty to what's known as a ""process charge."" The ""legal process"" is what we use to bring someone to court. Flynn lied during the PROCESS. People are telling you that Flynn made a deal to ""flip"" on Trump in exchange for a reduced penalty. Well, threatening him with a process charge is a non-starter. The process charge is PROOF that they have NOTHING ELSE. No conspiracy, no FARA violations, no criminal acts. Nothing. Mueller had to accept a process charge because it's the best he could get. Now a thread. "
" Saleh al-Sammad--head of the Houthis' Supreme Political Council--was killed in an air strike. It was a fuel-air munition that used shock waves. There's no fragmentation damage to the van. The Saudis and their allies use munition with explosive vapor. These fuel-air explosives (FAE) produce shock waves that can be directed. The force of the explosion was directed straight down. Ignore the logos on the video. Syrian rebels do NOT have access to these weapons. The logos are military deception (MILDEC). In the case of Saleh al-Sammad, a VERY large cloud of explosive vapor detonated above the vehicle. The force of the blast went DOWNWARD and INWARD. There are multiple patents for devices that ""shape"" the explosion of a fuel-air munition. The secret is to detonate the cloud beginning at certain points. So the munition ejects a cloud of vapor that surrounds the target, and then detonators--ejected along WITH the cloud--shape the force of the explosion. Watch as the cloud of explosive vapor detonates DOWNWARD and INWARD, and then the dark smoke rises. The light-colored cloud is the explosion itself. Imagine a hammer AND a giant fist squeezing. There are also extremely SMALL fuel-air munitions. This video is NOT graphic, but it DOES show a terrorist being killed. The munition struck directly behind his head. The munition released a cloud of vapor that was detonated so that the shock wave went INWARD. Basically, the guy was CRUNCHED to death. Nobody else was harmed, except damage to their hearing. Since the target was hit at the precise moment that he was furthest from everyone else, my guess is that the munition is autonomous. A human simply doesn't have a fast enough reaction time. This is why all the accusations of war crimes against the Saudis are nonsense. The Saudis can take out a terrorist STANDING IN A CROWD. Ask any soldier: Was that a hand grenade? No. A hand grenade would've killed everybody there. It was a miniature, autonomous fuel-air munition. The Saudis have been using them since 2015. These are completely unknown weapons. There's literally ZERO information on them. The propulsion and guidance systems are total mysteries..."
" This is really funny, as I'll explain in a moment. doesn't like Jews. He's running to unseat Paul Ryan, but he has a little Jew-hating, white-supremacist problem. Jew-haters attract each other, so Nehlen got THIS guy to chime in. Here's what Mr. Blaine O'Nazi says will help defeat the Jews. He ends with some random raving. Before I tell you about the Kabbalah, I'd to show you this: Do you remember what today's Trump haters said on September 12, 2001? ""You can't hold an entire group responsible for the words and actions of a handful."" Why won't these people afford Trump supporters the same tolerance? I have nothing in common with Blaine McSlobber O'Diddly-bum-dee-biddle. Now, Blaine says ""Just study Kabbalah, and you'll be able to defeat the Jews."" GOOD LUCK WITH THAT! There's no set definition of Kabbalah, which is a discipline that originated in Judaism. You can't study IT, because there IS no ""it."" There are THEM. A Kabbalist is called a ""Mekubbal."" Get two of them together, and they'll immediately start fighting over EVERYTHING. So Jew-haters are out of luck, because there's no playbook. You'll have to study ALL FORMS OF KABBALAH, and then you STILL won't have a playbook. AND you have to add in a final factor: Unlike crazy Jew-hating nutters on Twitter, I actually look into things. In 2006, the Saudis gave Israel intelligence on Hezbollah. Then in 2007, the Israelis began selling weapons to the Saudis. That worked out, but the Saudis had bigger plans. So they said to the Israelis, ""These weapons are GOOD, but do you have any ideas that you haven't been able to actually bring to fruition because of money issues? We'll give you $5 trillion. Are you game?"" So after the Israelis got up off the floor and went to work, the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) invented a new type of soldier. Strategic special forces. Technically they're called ""C6ISR units."" Command, Control, Communications, Computing, Cyber Warfare, Commando, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance. They fight in ""combined arms micro teams."" The basic micro team is one tank, one bulldozer, one gunship, one infantry squad, one antitank squad, and one sniper squad. You can add a machine squad or a self-propelled artillery piece--whatever you need. This idea goes back to World War I. Each micro team has all the weapons of an entire division. The battlefield is now digitized, so each soldier appears as a dot with a number. All the micro teams see each other on the maps, so THEY work out how to win. Today's transport aircraft can drop as many micro teams as you want behind enemy lines, so now we can finally use British General Orde Wingate's ideas of mass infiltration. He was 80 years ahead of his time. Now, watch how this all ties up: The guy who INVENTED micro teams in World War I? Jewish. Orde Wingate was just about the only British officer in World War II who supported an independent Jewish state. Multiple Jewish Kabbalists predicted that Trump would win, because he's ushering in the new era that the book Zohar said would come about. And FINALLY, someone is protecting Israel. They blew up 28 Palestinian attack tunnels using commando action, while Israel perfected technology that will make such tunnels obsolete. So the Jewish people WON. It's over. Give up. They ARE the chosen people. Deal with it..."
" Hey! I was right about Lebanon. The Lebanese Army Directorate of Orientation covers ""...the different missions conducted by the Army and guaranteeing interaction with the local and foreign media outlets as well as civil society organizations."" I said a few days ago that thousands of Arab and allied commandos infiltrated Lebanon--with the permission of the government--to protect Hariri and neutralize Hezbollah. Throughout the world, special-operations units have adopted ""multicam"" for their uniforms. The Lebanese army has used the ""M81 Woodland Pattern"" almost as an issue of cultural pride. Some units use specialized patterns unique to Lebanon. But now Lebanese soldiers are wearing multicam. This means that foreign Arab troops temporarily attached to the Lebanese army don't have to buy new uniforms..."
" I believe that wore an overcoat for a reason. I think the overcoat is a reference to Nikolai Gogol's story ""The Overcoat,"" which is about how the privileged abuse the rest of us. In looking up Gogol, I suddenly realized that I'd never researched quotes by Donald Trump. So let's go through some of them and see if they line up with what we've figured out about our president. ""Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war."" ""When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough."" ""Without passion you don't have energy; without energy you have nothing."" ""I have embraced crying mothers who have lost their children because our politicians put their personal agendas before the national good. I have no patience for injustice, no tolerance for government incompetence, no sympathy for leaders who fail their citizens."" ""What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate."" ""Sometimes you need conflict in order to come up with a solution."" ""I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement."" ""It's always good to be underestimated."" ""If you get good ratings, they'll cover you even if you have nothing to say."" Yeah. We've got him figured out..."
" No World War III. Who would fight on the side of Iran? Also, the mullahs are going to be easy to overthrow. The METHOD has been tested at least twice: Ankara and Kirkuk. The way the mullahs will be overthrown will be mainly by electronic warfare. Their communication systems will be hacked, and all the different security units will be given fake orders. Some units will go out into the desert, some will go out to sea, and some will stay in their barracks. At the same time, some form of PHYSICAL distraction will be carried out. In Ankara, the goal was NOT to overthrow the government but to fool Erdogan into destroying his armed forces. That's exactly what happened. Turkey is now a shadow of what it was before the ""coup."" In Kirkuk, the Iraqis wanted to retake the city without killing Kurds. Therefore the Kurds were CONFUSED out of the city. They still can't explain what happened. Basically everyone was given contradictory orders, and then they were all told to run out of the city. The Iraqis took back Kirkuk in fifteen hours. There was only ONE firefight, and the US says it was accidental. So, when the time is right, the Iranian armed forces will implode. The people will rise up and take back their country. No war, no mass bloodshed. AND the Iranian PEOPLE will take the credit. That's what will happen. Count on it."
" The yearbook signature is a forgery. No doubt whatsoever. Look at the ""R"" in Roy. Moore makes it with one continuous stroke. In the yearbook, it was made with two strokes. End of story. It's a forgery. Also, Moore has VERY sloppy printed handwriting. It bears no resemblance to the printing in ""Olde Hickory House."" What about the different colored inks? That photo was taken at an oblique angle. Therefore the LIGHT reflected completely differently from the head-on angle in THIS photo. The chemical composition of ink varies from manufacturer to manufacturer and from year to year. The inks LOOK the same from one angle but reflect light differently from another. This German World War I aircraft fooled historians for years. See the outline on the white fuselage cross? Everybody figured that the outline was black, so that meant the color of the fuselage was different. Well, everybody was wrong. The cross outline AND the fuselage were black. They used two different paints that reflected light differently. See how the cross outline is only visible on the curved portion of the fuselage that's reflecting light? That's what happened here. The two different inks AND the time they were applied makes the light reflect differently from this angle. So, to recap: The signature is a forgery, and everything after the name ""Roy-Ray"" was added later with different ink. ADDENDUM: I wasn't clear. German aircraft came from the factory with crosses like these: black with white borders. Joachim von Bertrab wanted HIS crosses to be white with black borders. He had the fuselage painted black by his ground crew, using crummy, cheap paint. Then they used the expensive OFFICIAL black and white paint to do the crosses in reverse: white with black borders. The paint for the crosses was very durable, and it covered well. They used the equivalent of barn-paint on the fuselage, and then they used the official paint on the cross. That's why the light reflects differently."
" makes a point. Trump obvious DOES support the protests, but he may always be using his tweets as a strategic weapon. The Iranians are reporting that in response to Trump, a crackdown is beginning, and all news coming out of Iran is being shut down. That would be the PERFECT environment for allies to help the Iranians overthrow the mullahs. A total media blackout allows clandestine operations to take place much more quickly and effectively. It could be that Trump has again goaded his enemies into destroying themselves..."
" The Syrians say that the Israelis flew this route in order to bomb Syrian bases. Why would Israel do that? Take a look at the map. This is crappy Syrian propaganda intended to paint Iraq as an Israeli ally. You know what this means? The Iranian mullahs have completely lost Iraq. So now the mullahs are directing Syria to paint Iraq as a traitor. It's very unlikely that Israel is carrying out long-range strikes in Syria. This is a multi-engine jet transport flying low over Lebanon into Syria. It's full of commandos and their toys. The transport has turned off all its navigation and anti-collision lights. It has only one white light on the belly or leading edge of a wing. The Gulf Cooperation Council uses white visible laser, which civilians were able to create only in 2015. White visible laser carries TONS of data, and it can be used in all weather conditions. In this video of Islamic State terrorists being wiped out, one frame shows white laser. Look to the right, above the ground. The odds of Iraq allowing Israel to use her airspace? Zero. More importantly, the Israelis wouldn't take such a circuitous route. They'd fly over the Mediterranean. I'm convinced that this was a new munition, designed specifically to destroy stockpiles of missiles. Last night I found a patent for a hybrid fuel-air explosive and kinetic weapon. ""May be flexibly-deployed as a (a) conventional explosive warhead, (b) a thermobaric warhead, (c) a mixture of the two, (d) an increased-weight kinetic weapon or (c) one of several yield sizes, coverages or burn rates, among other options..."" ""And such deployment options may be selected in-flight, for example, by tactical command."" In 2014, the world press successfully painted Israel as The Worst Country In Human History. There were accusations that Israel was testing new weapons on the Palestinians. A pathetic lie. All the ""new Israeli weapons"" were comic-book ideas from diseased minds. None of these crazy bastards did research on patents. Last night you saw ME look for and FIND a patent in real time. So now YOU know about new munitions. AND. The videos show that the new munition is designed to wage war on MILITARY OBJECTS, not people. So, here are the takeaways: Iran has turned against Iraq, and missile depots IN CIVILIAN CENTERS can be destroyed without killing civilians. Every day brings more good news..."
" How did this happen? Last night, men explained to me how it happened. Currently in our society, chaos reigns. We have THIS. We have THIS. And we have THIS. I don't have anything to do with any of that CRAP. I posted THIS because I love the unexpected. This is a woman (left). Men reacted with contempt when I said that she's using a combat stance. THERE'S your problem. Since she's a woman, she can't be taken seriously as a bodyguard. THAT'S how Weinstein and all the others get away with what they do. Professional bodyguards aren't there for show. This is the president of the United States. He hires the best person for the job. The reason THAT FACT escaped the minds of the snickering men? It's because the bodyguard is a woman. Syrian Kurdish human-rights activist Heysem Menai was co-chair of the Syrian Democratic Council. He resigned when the Syrian Kurdish Democratic Union Party announced the creation of Rojava, the Syrian Kurdish autonomous region. As co-chair of the Syrian Democratic Council, Menai (center) had Saudi bodyguards when he visited northern Syria. Note how Saudi-trained bodyguards stand. They hold their arms several inches from their bodies. Exactly the stance that Trump's bodyguard adopts. The US Secret Service is in crisis. Donald Trump is indispensable to the Middle East. It's very likely that the Saudis offer training or actual agents to protect him. To me, an agent is an agent. I see no difference between these two. Last night, men were jabbering moronically about physical strength. ""I could whoop her in a fight."" No. You'd be dead while still on your feet. Change means change. MINDSETS must be changed. If you think a women can't be an effective bodyguard, you're part of the problem. Saudi security training results in whipcord-thin men and women. You underestimate these thin people at your own peril. But the MAIN problem is the the knee-jerk belittling. Time to stop. Be a NEW kind of man. Junk all that old, ugly, stupid crap..."
" There's a bright side to people switching off their brains. When people commit themselves to fiction, it makes them incredibly easy to fool. I wondered how the Middle East would be freed without unprecedented bloodshed. It turns out that all you have to do is pretend to BE what your enemies ACCUSE YOU of being. The Saudis put out a hilarious video that reinforced the world's deeply silly ideas. The video is in English, showing that it's for an international audience. Although the Saudis used native-English speakers, they DELIBERATELY INSERTED mispronunciations. ""Figerate"" instead of ""frigate."" The purpose of the video is to portray the Saudis as bombastic and childish. WHY? Because nobody fears a bombastic, childish opponent. The Saudis benefit from bigotry. I've asked people this question too many times to count: How did the Saudi-led Coalition land thousands of tanks, light armored vehicles, MRAPs, and self-propelled artillery pieces in Aden IN TOTAL SECRECY? NOT ONE PERSON has even BOTHERED to answer. You know why? Because they can't CONCEIVE of Saudi military excellence. The Saudi-led Coalition began its ground offensives in Yemen in August of 2015. By early 2016, the ground offensives had stopped. The ""experts"" said that the Coalition was ""bogged down."" You need to understand what the Coalition faced: the cities they had to take were surrounded by minefields several miles deep. To reach the cities, the ground troops had to go through narrow mountain passes. There were hundred or thousands of fighting posts manned by fighters with antitank missiles and automatic cannons. And the cities were ringed with heavy artillery that would open on the civilians when the ground troops approached. So the Coalition spent over a year ""preparing the battlefied."" And now Iran's proxies the Houthis are losing badly. The Coalition announced that it was going to cut the supply line at Hodeidah on the west coast (red), and then it cut the supply line northwest of Taiz (green). There are currently at least NINE simultaneous ground offensives going on in Yemen. Nobody expected this. Nobody except for ME. I've been studying the Saudi armed forces daily since June of 2015. So I KNEW that they would put off operations never before attempted. The Saudis invented their own form of warfare. They did so by reverse engineering military disasters. When you find out why something FAILED, that gives you the means to SUCCEED. This isn't MAGIC; it's professionalism. When you train and train and train and train, then you become an expert. I'm absolutely positive that the Saudis began their Yemen war planning by assuming that they'd totally failed. Then they went BACK from the failures and created the means to win. They broke through incredibly deadly and effective defenses. How did they do it? I have no idea. But as long as people think the Saudis are soft, decadent, bombastic, and incompetent, the Saudis will continue winning. THIS is very significant. The Iran protests are unlike ANY in the history of the Islamic Republic. The mullahs should be VERY afraid... From Sun Tzu, The Art of War: ""If your enemy is secure at all points, be prepared for him. If he is in superior strength, evade him. If your opponent is temperamental, seek to irritate him. Pretend to be weak, that he may grow arrogant."" ""If he is taking his ease, give him no rest. If his forces are united, separate them. Attack him where he is unprepared, appear where you are not expected."" ""Take advantage of the enemy's unpreparedness; travel by unexpected routes and strike him where he has taken no precautions."" ""So in war, the way is to avoid what is strong, and strike at what is weak.” And Trump's favorite quote: ""The quality of decision is like the well-timed swoop of a falcon which enables it to strike and destroy its victim."" Timing is everything. And I'd like you to consider one final concept: ""Reconnaissance by protest."" Just think about it and decide for yourselves what I mean..."
" The Susan Rice e-mail to herself. Rice sent the e-mail on January 20, 2017, at 12.15 p.m. Trump became president at 11:47 a.m. What Rice did was send the e-mail to herself at the very last second that it would be included in records from the Obama administration. ALSO, Rice sent the e-mail AFTER the Obama administration could see it or confront her with it. She sent it minutes before she departed the White House for the last time. The e-mail documents a meeting between Obama, Biden, Rice, Comey, and Yates. This meeting took place on January 5, 2017. Gassley and Graham were sent the e-mail after they asked the National Archives for records of meetings between Obama and Comey. This e-mail is the only record. Without it, Obama would've skated. Rice wrote the first part of the e-mail in such a bizarre way that it would immediately stand out. It doesn't read as though a native speaker of English wrote it. This is deliberate. It draws attention to what comes next. THIS is the meat of the thing. First, this. And then more importantly, this. Obama said that he never spoke to Comey about ongoing investigations. Rice says he lied. Not only THAT, Rice says that Obama told Comey to WITHHOLD information from the Trump administration AND report back to Obama. Rice ALSO says that Comey lied to Congress. So, Rice handed Obama and Comey to law enforcement on a silver platter. Did YOU figure that out? I did. Immediately. That's why I said I'm not interested in arguing about this. YOU TOTALLY MISUNDERSTOOD WHAT HAPPENED. Rice torpedoed EVERYTHING. It's over. All she has to do is confirm that the meeting happened. I called this in April, when Rice gave her interview to Andrea Mitchell. It pays to be able to read people. Stop thinking in terms of movies and cartoons. ""Hang 'em high!"" isn't what real people say. And stop listening to all the IDIOTS who give you nothing but bad news. ""Fire Jeff Sessions! This is awful! Call me an ambulance!"" Okay: You're an ambulance, you childish weirdo. You're too dumb to see the truth when it's rubbed right in your face... ADDENDUM: Here's how badly Obama treated Rice. "
" THERE WE GO. Antonov/Taqnia An-132. Joint development of the Ukraine and SAUDI ARABIA. Filmed over Syria. Deliveries were scheduled for 2018. The Saudis now have their own aircraft manufacturing capability. There's a bulge under the nose, so this is a surveillance and/or electronic warfare variant. This is how the Gulf Cooperation Council wins wars without killing massive numbers of people. This type of aircraft can jam radar and hack into communications systems. The Saudis were effing up Assad's forces. Ha."
" reports that Hezbollah and Iranian forces are fleeing their positions all over Syria. These are photos of the T4 air base after the ""Israeli air strike."" One. Two. Three. Now, it COULD BE that new aerial munitions were used, but those photos show the signature of a COMMANDO ATTACK using grenade launchers, rockets, heavy machine guns, and light cannons. The CEILING of the hanger is intact. The most violent commando raid in history was Zeebrugge, on April 23, 1918. This is the British ship HMS Vindictive. All that damage was done with 1918 technology. It appears to me that T4 was hit with several of these. In this video, that's a multi-engine jet. I think it's a C-17 Globemaster transport. I think the C-17 landed at T4, and maybe ten gun trucks came out and blew the absolute hell out of the base. All the damage is to the walls. No damage on the ground or the ceilings. So I think they killed every single person the base. In the past, these kinds of attacks were very rare, because they required incredible skill and planning. But the Gulf Cooperation Council training it troops to carry out these raids as a matter of course. As someone pointed out, the explosions came from INSIDE the hanger. Correct. The gun trucks DROVE INSIDE and lit up everyone and everything. See, there's absolutely no way that Trump would broadcast our plans. He's tweeting as strategic deception. Remember what I said about THIS? When the Saudis say they're WILLING TO DO something, it means that they've ALREADY DONE IT. So I'm going on record as saying the attack on T4 was Saudi commando action. Think about it: Has Israel EVER bombed Syria in response to Assad doing ANYTHING to his own people? Let's all be perfectly honest: Would Arabs WANT Israel getting involved, especially now that the Palestinians are rushing the Israeli border? More honesty: Right now--FOR THE MOMENT--Arabs are forced to PUBLICLY choose sides in every conflict. Arab versus Israel, Sunni versus Shia, Persian versus Arab. The only reason is historical baggage. Personally, I don't care about words. So I don't demand that people make PUBLIC PRONOUNCEMENTS. I want EVERYBODY to be free, safe, and happy. So I'm now convinced that Saudi Arabia hit T4 and killed every Hezbollah and Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and RUSSIAN who was there. The Saudis showed Assad that he isn't safe. As my father said, ""Speak to people in a language that they understand."" The enemies of civilization understand THIS and THIS only... ADDENDUM: Okay, I'm now 100 percent positive that this was a commando raid. Every hole is round. Therefore aerial munitions were NOT used. This was an office. The commandos leveled it and set it on fire with incendiary rounds. Note the smoke on the wall. Finally, we see that multiple walls were blown down. Men were firing from behind the walls, so the commandos used rockets. The Israeli MATADOR is designed specifically to bring down walls. Guess who uses the Israeli MATADOR? Right out in the open, and the press never even caught it... ADDENDUM TWO: A warning to everybody. This is NOT an occasion for Michael Moore style teenage snark. As a military historian, I'm stunned at the incredible SKILL shown here. Therefore... If you tweet me ANY form of obsolete anti-war assholery, I will instantly block you. Trust me on that. YOU are the assholes. You. Not the commandos who carried out this raid. Take your stupid, reactionary, ossified slogans somewhere else... ADDENDUM THREE: An approximation of what it was like... "
" is said to like McDonald's. I haven't been there in years. So last night I tried a Grand Mac. It was DISGUSTING. I threw it away. I've never eaten anything greasier in my life. It was so oily that I couldn't stand to take bites of it, so I dismantled it and tried to eat it one layer at a time. The center bun was exactly like a cake slice. It was sweet and fluffy. The burger tasted like a birthday cake with beef and mayonnaise on it. Maybe McDonald's on the East Coast is different. Out here in California, the Grand Mac is horrible. The Big Mac in the Netherlands and Germany were different from the American versions. They were DRIER, as I recall. About thirty-odd years ago, Burger King introduced the Bacon Double Cheeseburger. The bacon was crisp, and the burgers were flame broiled. The last time I tried a Burger King Bacon Double Cheeseburger was about ten years ago. The wrapping was translucent with melted fat. I threw it in the garbage without even trying it. My fast-food days are long gone. It's a good thing, because I could pack on 150 pounds in about a week. The best fast-food hamburger I ever ate was something called a ""Huskee,"" I think. See, there's a lot of weirdness about names of restaurants and foods in the US. Out here, the chain is called ""Carl's Jr.,"" but in Texas it was called Hardee's. It's like Hellman's and Best Foods. When you have Meniere's disease, you supposed to keep your sodium intake below 2000 mg a day. One Grand Mac has 1400 mg of sodium. Add french fries, and I can't eat anything else all day. I used to love Chinese food, but then I started seeing all these undercover news shows about their kitchens. Pizza is about the only food-vice left. When I was six, my siblings and I were asleep, and suddenly the doorbell rang. It was Mr. and Mrs. La Brosse, bombed out of their minds, with a pizza for the kids. So Mr. La Brosse stood in our doorway, backlit, and shouted ""GET OUT HERE AND EAT!"" He was just this screaming, drunk, black silhouette. Mr. La Brosse looked exactly like a really mean, crazy, drunk Mr. Green Jeans. So we all climbed out of bed in our underwear and ate pizza at what for us was the middle of the night. I don't remember my parents being there, so maybe they'd fled in terror. My brother Paul ate only one or two bites, and then he said, ""I don't want anymore."" ""You eat that pizza, or there are gonna be a lot of warm bottoms around here,"" Mr. La Brosse warned. I remember thinking, ""Why is this happening? These crazy grownups broke into our house, woke us up, and are forcing us to eat pizza on pain of being spanked. I know this isn't normal. Why won't my parents stop it?"" There's no answer to that question. I think everyone was afraid of the La Brosses, so the La Brosses got to do whatever they wanted. That night was fifty years ago, but I remember it like it happened this afternoon. That was the best pizza I ever had, actually, but I still associate pizza with middle-of-the-night terrorism. Everybody's lucky I'm a hermit. Send ME to Guantanamo Bay. I'll make them talk. ""GET OUT OF BED AND EAT THIS PIZZA! NOW! YOU WANT A WARM BOTTOM?"" I'd have grown men weeping in seconds..."
" Rodeo clown said this: What's she saying? She's saying that the Obama administration covered up the facts of the Benghazi attack. Right? She's also admitting that the Obama administration ignored threats. ""They were particularly not protected. Just like in Benghazi, they were given the impression that everything was fine.” FINALLY a Democrat admits that all the accusations made against Obama and Hillary were correct. So what about Niger? Three of the fallen are wearing beret flashes of the Third Special Forces Group. It was a 12-man team. That means it was an Operational Detachment Alpha (ODA), the basic combat unit of the Special Forces. They're called ""A Teams."" This is how A Teams are organized. The rodeo clown is telling us that professional warriors deployed to a battlefield are the same as diplomats in a compound. By making this claim, the rodeo clown is desecrating ALL the fallen. For some reason, people expect Trump to not fight back. I expect Trump to hit back ten times as hard, so that corrupt, decayed rodeo clowns stop using the fallen as political props. US Special Forces on the battlefield WILL take casualties. They WILL be ambushed. Remember this guy? President Let History be the Judge? Can you remember anything he accomplished? Another two-term president who crapped out and coasted. The Green Berets in Niger were ambushed by 50+ terrorists. We lost four men. That means our troops fought their way out. Guess who wants answers? This is ALL BEING DONE IN BAD FAITH. When people act in bad faith, I want them thwarted, mocked, insulted, and kept out of the loop. I want the president to hit back. The press, the rodeo clowns, the mummified failed presidents, and the raging saboteurs are deliberately creating trouble. We are at war. In war, there are deaths and mistakes. The president MUST defend himself vigorously. HE is not using the fallen as political props. When people act in bad faith, their opinions and demands no longer matter. Fight on, Mr. President. HARDER."
" asks a question. Let's separate ""elites"" into two groups: Political leaders and the upper class. Do political leaders start wars for their own interests? Absolutely. World War One and World War Two were entirely the result of political leaders lusting after self-aggrandizement. In contrast, the American Civil War was NOT political leaders lusting after self-aggrandizement. Now, what about the upper class? Do bankers, industrialists, armaments manufacturers, and so actually have the power to start wars in order to sell products or take over regions they want for their businesses? Here it gets MUCH murkier, because people with agendas have made it almost impossible to tell fact from fiction. The one that those with agendas always cite is the United Fruit Company (UFC) and the Guatemalan coup of 1954, Operation PBSuccess. In reality, UFC, the CIA, and Anastasio Somoza García planned a coup in 1952--Operation PBFORTUNE--but the US called it off. Operation PBSUCCESS in 1954 was based on the fear of communism. The notion that the upper class controls the government is FAR too simplistic. We have too much evidence to the contrary. Until Trump, our corporate taxation rate was the second-highest in the world. Also, the US taxes income that Americans make when not living in the US. Not even socialist countries do that. The inheritance tax has been wildly unpopular among the upper class. Here's how the system worked in the past: The government and the upper class held each other hostage. The government leveraged its ability to pass laws, while the upper class leveraged its donations. The reason the Democrats have become so maniacally leftist is that they became MORE dependent on donations than the upper class was dependent on laws. People got so rich that laws no longer mattered. When you're worth several billion, you won't even FEEL taxes. So what's happening NOW is that the fanatically leftist upper class--and most of the mega-wealthy are leftists--is indeed running the Democratic party. But they aren't interested in war. They're interested in social engineering. Something happened without us noticing: Mega-wealthy leftists revived puritanism. They think their wealth is a reward for their morality. And since they're so moral, they get to tell the rest of us how to live. So today's upper class DOES have the power to control government, but not in order to cause wars that enrich themselves. They're already richer than God. They control government out of a lust to control US. So that makes them WORSE than the United Fruit Company..."
" Now I can reveal what I figured out in July of 2016. YouTube took down the videos, but you can still see what I wrote. Here's what I said in July of 2016: ""I now believe that I know the Arab League strategy to free Aleppo. I won’t describe it, but it’s obvious that the Arab League wants people to see the video that I’ll show you."" What I did in the post was to DISTRACT from the Arab League strategy to save the civilians of Aleppo. But now that al-Jazeera has reported on it, I can tell you what I knew in July of 2016: The population of Aleppo was moved underground. Aleppo has a massive number of bomb shelters and bunkers, as well as ancient catacombs. Remember when Assad and the Russians were bombing Aleppo mercilessly, and it seemed like nobody was doing anything? What ACTUALLY happened was that Arab commandos entered the city and moved the population into underground shelters. It was another stunning deception operation that is apparently effortless for the Gulf Cooperation Council and its allies. Remember, THOUSANDS of armored vehicles were landed in Yemen, but nobody knows how it was done. It was the largest amphibious landing in the history of the Middle East, but it was carried out in total secrecy. In January of 2016, about 350,000 troops took part in Exercise Northern Thunder in Saudi Arabia. Those guys never went home. They went into Yemen, Syria, and Iraq. Iraqi Major General Najim al-Jibouri (left), commander of the Mosul operation. There are THOUSANDS of Muslim commandos in Iraq and Syria. They took nine months each to prepare Mosul and Raqqa for assault. One of the things they did as part of the preparations was to rescue civilians. Human shields were either brought out of the city or hidden underground. The commandos also caused the Syrians and Russians to bomb the wrong targets. The Russians and Syrians bombed Hezbollah, the Iranians, and the Syrian Defense Forces--the Syrian equivalent of the Iranian paramilitary Basij. We now live in an era in which the armed forces of one region--the Gulf Cooperation Council--can take over the armed forces of anybody they want. This isn't magic. Here's how the Russians bomb. They drop unguided munitions from above the clouds. They can't see the ground. All you need to do is this: You hack into the communications systems and insert TWO men: One man talks to the Russian pilots, and the other talks to the Russian commanders. Both sets of Russians think they're talking to other Russians. AND. The people hacking into the Russian communications systems use computer-generated voices that translate in real time. So the Arabs giving orders don't even have to speak Russian. This was done to Turkey. And it was done to the Kurds in Kirkuk. The Kurds ran out of the city, AND THEY CAN'T EXPLAIN WHY. I'll tell you why: The Iraqis didn't want to hurt them. So their Arab allies hacked into the Kurdish communications systems and gave them bogus orders. Did you see this? Why did Trump do this? Phone call! Give me a while. Sorry. Be back soon. All right. I'm back. What characterizes the Kurds as a group? Loyalty to political parties. Iraqi Kurds fought a savage civil war over politics. Syrian Kurds threatened to attack Iraqi Kurds when went to Syria to fight the Islamic State. In order for a group--Kurds, Iraqis, Lebanese--to benefit DIRECTLY in terms of training, weapons, etc., they have to give up old ways of doing things. The Germans armed the Iraqi Kurds. SURPRISE! That's OLD SCHOOL. It's not going to be tolerated anymore. Mohammed bin Salman despises corruption. ""When the student is ready, the teacher will appear."" You have to WANT to change. Everyone will PROTECT the Kurds, but they need to change the way they do things if thy want to go to the next level. This is walking a tightrope. I myself would be unable to navigate these waters. But that's why I'm not Trump or Mohammed bin Salman. did you see how hysterical the world was over the New York Times profile of Mohammed bin Salman? ""Tyrant! War Criminal! Religious maniac!"" Who hid ALL OF ALEPPO UNDERGROUND. Can't get any more altruistic than that. Imagine the cost and risk..."
" Remember I told you that the press would bury this story? Well, here's something our cool Pulitzer-winning journalists didn't tell us. See this? ""At risk""? California Missing Persons Investigations. Definition of a ""Missing Person at Risk."" The only criterion that applies is ""The person is mentally impaired."" So the family reported that their crazy relative was on her way to San Bruno to confront YouTube employees, and nothing was done to stop it. Let's see what David Hogg is up to. Oh my God. Now Hogg is asking his followers to boycott Vanguard and BlackRock. I can guarantee you--as a professional investor--that virtually none of Hogg's followers have holdings in either Vanguard or BlackRock. This is like Hogg asking his followers to boycott the Royal Penthouse Suite of the Hotel President Wilson in Geneva. So the David Hogg Anti-Gun Crusade collapses into farce. I just sent my checks to the IRS and the California Franchise Tax Board. Vanguard is actually good when it comes to diversified open-end mutual funds. I highly recommend Vanguard. This is why I was pissed off earlier. Look at the date. There's no deadline for my project, so I'll try again later, when the ""experts"" think I have enough mojo for them to bother with me. It's actually pretty funny: I'm groveling to people who are incapable of performing at my level. But that's the way of the world. After I paid my taxes, I bought ten flamethrower postcards that had been listed for months. The seller was asking WAY too much. But I bought 'em, because I COULD. And it made me happy. My brother talked me out of my funk. He's good at that. So onward and...upward, I guess. You what I would NEVER spend a penny on? This. It's for people who need their butts kissed. I don't need my butt kissed. In fact, my project will be actualized under a pseudonym. It'll blow off everybody's heads. Seriously, and no exaggeration: The FBI and the CIA have nothing on me. But I'll wait until people with BALLS and OVARIES step up to the plate. And that's the last thing I'll say about my on-hold project. Feels good to get it off my chest... ADDENDUM: An explanation for my anger. All the rejections that my first book got. The book. The book is in its NINTH PRINTING. It outlived publishers, literary agencies, and bookstore chains. Plenty of he people who signed those rejection notices are DEAD. I hate having to prove myself. It's infuriating that the people with all the power actually have no ability to judge what's good and what's bad. And they AREN'T GENEROUS. This is bringing back a lot of REALLY shitty memories, so I have to stop..."
" The Syrian Democratic Forces are fighting the Islamic State. We know that because the US is bombing. The SDF are right across the river from Assad's allies. They can see each other. No conflict. Assad and Iran are letting terrorists go, forcing the US-led Coalition to deal with them. But Assad no longer actually has an army. It's all Iran, Hezbollah, Iraqi militias, Afghans, Thais, and warlords. Mercenaries. When Iran and Hezbollah are driven from Syria, it'll be over. Assad will have to step down. Syria will still have a functioning government, which will call for elections. It appears that the tempo of killing Iranian, Hezbollah, and Russians leaders is increasing. A way to urge them to go home. Soon Syria will be free. No theocracy, no dictatorship..."
" has no record whatsoever of wrongdoing. He spent 33 years in the US Army and became the head of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA). The general is an outspoken critic of incompetence and dishonesty. This is why he was fired as head of the DIA. In Washington, it's not enough to get rid of your enemies. These people PURSUE and DESTROY as a warning to others: ""Keep your mouth shut, or we'll do this to you."" The same thing happens in Hollywood. Anyone who exposes wrongdoing is chased down and demolished. The general spoke out; now they're making an example of him. ""Don't even THINK about doing what Flynn did."" The general went public with the fact that the Intelligence community was downplaying the threat of jihadist terrorism and exaggerating our successes in fighting it. This was done to benefit President Obama. I don't know if you've seen former Attorney General Eric Holder's recent words. He's dropped any pretense of rationality and professionalism. He's now showing us who he was the whole time: a loudmouthed community activist who plays to black racism and victimhood. General Flynn had to DEAL WITH THESE PEOPLE. Obama and his coterie of community activists were unfit to run the country. They were PLAYACTING at knowing what they were doing. The Obama-Holder approach is called the ""shakedown."" Jessie Jackson has done it for decades. ""Do what we want, or we'll call you racist."" Holder and Loretta Lynch created a Department of Justice sluch fund for community activists. The money came from shaking down everyone they could. How buffoonish was President Obama? He buzzed New York City in Air Force One. The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES, drunk, with a planeload of his cronies, big-timing it. Movin' on up! To a DEE-luxe apartment in the sky! Here's the ""official photo"" the Air Force released to explain Obama's catastrophically unprofessional behavior. The flare in the upper right corner is the reflection of the flight suit of the guy who took the picture from the F-16. AS ALWAYS, everybody lied to protect the Very Special President. ""The most scandal-free administration in history."" No. There was simply never any followup to the scandals, and the president got to be this kid. General Flynn said, ""I don't CARE if we're supposed to lie to protect the president. The country comes first."" So they're doing their best to destroy Flynn. My guess is the general will be vindicated. You can help him. "
" In 2015, I started tweeting about the armed forces of the Gulf Cooperation Council. About FIFTY ""military experts"" went to town on me. Ha-ha-ha. Ho-ho-ho. Hee-hee-hee. Hoo-hoo-hoo. And so on. So I blocked them all. You know what they did? They all opened second accounts so they could still read my stuff. You can identify people by who THEY follow. It was the same guys. So they're all PUBLICLY attacking and belittling me, but privately, they read everything I write. I don't get it. It's reason number 567,890,122 that I'm a hermit. With a heart of gold..."
" Here's another quick thread on California. First the mayor told people to go out and burn down the city, and then Maxine Waters danced in the streets with gang members. The police stood down. This was California's problem. But. There was a TV psychiatrist named David Viscott. On the night of May 1, 1992--the third day of the rioting--Viscott took a call from a guy identifying himself as a professional gangbanger. This guy said that the gangs had had a summit in Las Vegas, and they were going to fight the federal troops that were coming. The feds hadn't ASKED PERMISSION of the gangs, so this was a matter of pride. They pointed out that Maxine Waters had legitimized them. The gangs had heavy weapons, including mortars, rocket-propelled grenades, and antitank missiles. The next morning, a Sikorsky MH-53 Pave Low flew over my city at treetop level. This is used to insert special forces. It had gunners. Normally door guns are not allowed on military helicopter flying over cities. The radio said that riots were beginning all over the country, and that for the first time, the Federal Prisons, Borders, and Insurrections Task Force had been activated. This group was described as federal law-enforcement commandos. And then... Everything calmed down. The news stations began broadcasting nothing but happy talk. There was no confrontation between the gangs and the federal troops. I've never been able to find any information about the Federal Prisons, Borders, and Insurrections Task Force. The radio said it was ""shadowy."" You bet. All of that happened under George H. W. Bush. Imagine what TRUMP would do if he considered a situation to be out of hand... ADDENDUM: This happened six times as I was writing that thread... "
" He looks closer to 88 than 68. I know people don't believe me, but you start getting your comeuppance while still here on earth. Evildoers have evil committed against THEM, in proportion to the amount of evil THEY commit. Did you ever hear about Richard Speck? Serial killer. He died in prison at the age of 49. The prison inmates made Speck into the ""bitch"" for the entire population. He was forced to take female hormones to grow breasts. He looked almost 100 hundred years old. Every day he got loaded on every drug imaginable and then got used by dozens and dozens of men. Someone smuggled out video footage of him being ordered to take off his shirt ans show his breasts. The guy didn't get away with anything. Ted Bundy had to be dragged kicking and screaming to the electric chair. Like Che Guevara, Ted made an astonishingly lifelike corpse, especially considering he was electrocuted. Punishment for evildoers begins while they're still here on earth..."
" I naively agreed to an interview, and the guy trashed me. He lied to get the interview, telling me it was for a large publication. Then he and another guy made actionable claims about me. They said I hallucinate and I'd said photos were doctored. They did this to protect HAMAS. So that was it. No more interviews. Here's the cached post explaining what happened. "
" How has the world changed since September 11, 2001? I just got this message. It's another Iranian, trying to turn people against the Saudis. I do indeed support the Saudis. YOU don't have to. But. Let me explain WHY I support the Saudis. You may have seen this. The headline and much of the story are misleading. We're talking a total of maybe five Saudi government employees. We're told that al-Qaeda had connections to the Senior Council of Ulema, who are between 30 and 40 men. The GOAL of 9/11 was to completely drive the US from the Middle East. On October 23, 1983, a Hezbollah suicide bomber destroyed US Marine barracks in Lebanon, killing 241 Americans. We pulled out. If the US had withdrawn from the Middle East in 2001, the Saudi government would've been overthrown. That's how we know that the GOVERNMENT of Saudi Arabia was not behind 9/11. Two years AFTER 9/11, al-Qaeda began a terror campaign IN SAUDI ARABIA. Saudi Arabia has three armed forces: the military, the internal-security troops, and the Saudi Arabian National Guard (SANG). To defeat al-Q!aeda, the Saudis had to UNITE their armed forces. They'd always refused to do that, out of fear of a coup. The reason Saudi Arabia had adopted Wahhabism in the first place was a twin uprising in 1979. The Wahhabists AND the Shia minority took up arms at the same time, November 20 to December 4, 1979. Saudi security forces put down the rebellions, but King Khalid bin Abdulaziz Al Saud then gave in to Wahhabist demands. September 11, 2001, happened on the watch of King Fahd bin Abdulaziz Al Saud. TWO KINGS AGO. King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud took steps to reduce the power of Wahhabists in the kingdom. And now King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud is carrying out major reforms. Nadine al-Budair in 2008. Nadine al-Budair now has a show broadcast into Saudi Arab from the UAE. All shows on Saudi TV must be approved by the government. Budair's channel is owned by Prince Al-Waleed Bin Talal bin Abdulaziz al Saud. On the military front, much has happened since 2001. The Saudis and their allies are clearly masquerading as Americans and other westerners in Syria and Iraq. This isn't an American vehicle. We don't Strykers with exposed missile launchers. We're told that this is the British Special Air Service (SAS). Well, the SAS never poses for photos. The vehicles are the Jordanian al-Thalab. Finally, the Saudis did something that no Middle Eastern rulers have ever done. In plain language, they admitted to WRONGDOING. Culturally, this is nearly impossible for Middle Easterners to do. And keep in mind that the CURRENT leadership has never sponsored terrorism. The current leaders are taking responsibility for the actions of their predecessors. Here's something that didn't exist in 2001. It's Arab. And here are Saudis working with OTHER non-native speakers of English. It's a completely different world. This is a voice from the dead past. Permanent change takes takes time. This isn't a stupid video game. So on this day, remember those who died. They did not die in vain. September 11, 2001, triggered a series of events that led to the transformation of the world. For the better. And the REAL change is just getting started."
" allows me to talk about the FIVE countries I lived in that had government-run health care. I was born in Venezuela. Until I came to the US, I thought injections were always agonizing. In Venezuela they used the same needles over and over until they were blunt. Doctors and nurses RAMMED the needle into you. I have what are essentially track marks from the damaged veins. To this day, it's hard for me to be injected, because the Venezuelans ruined my veins. They had no treatment for my mother's deadly allergy to bee stings. My father had to collect bees and freeze them so a doctor could hand-make an antidote. When I broke my arm in 1971, we couldn't find a doctor who could set it, so I went to Miami, Florida. There were people in Venezuela with elephantiasis. Men with scrota the size of medicine balls. Legs bigger around than your entire body. Next, the Netherlands. The doctors' offices were from the 18th century. It was terrifying. Everything they did to you HURT LIKE HELL. We went to a doctor who told us to make POULTICES with chewing tobacco. The wait time for everything was six months. Oh, and all the doctors and nurses smoked heavily. The offices were full of cigarette smoke. Next, the GOOD OLD UK. My brother god an ear infection. He went to THREE government doctors in row. He ended up deaf. Finally a friend of my father recommended a private doctor on Harley Street who charged £1000 but saved my brother's hearing. But my brother ended up with two perforated eardrums. I had to fly to California to get treatment for strep throat. The wait time in the UK was three months. Norway. My father had a nasal hemorrhage and had to go to the hospital. They couldn't stop the bleeding. Finally they put a balloon up his nose. He was in the hospital for two weeks. They never brought a new gown or clean sheets. WE had to bring them. To drain his sinuses, they took a needle and hammered it through the front of his skull. No anesthesia. It's a treatment from the Roman era. My sister had appendicitis that they couldn't diagnose. Her appendix burst, and she almost died. There was no room for her at the hospital, so they put her bed in the hallway. Japan. I got food poisoning, and the Japanese couldn't treat me. I got so dehydrated that I developed irregular heartbeat. In desperation I went to the International Clinic, where an elderly Russian doctor kept me in his office overnight. He stayed up all night, giving me IVs and monitoring me until I was out of danger. The Japanese had no clue what to do. In my family of eight, ALL OF US were almost killed by government-run ""health care."" Tell me something, my British friends: Why can't countries as diverse as Venezuela, the Netherlands, Norway, the UK, and Japan make GOVERNMENT-RUN HEALTH CARE WORK? Do you think MAYBE the concept itself is flawed? One of my brothers lost the use of his right arm in Norway because there was a six-month wait for X-rays. He was living alone at the time and didn't tell us. His arm shrank down to skin and bones. We flew him to California, and he had surgery THE SAME DAY. Terrible outcomes, indifferent doctors and nurses, and a MASSIVE risk of infection. THAT is government-run health care. Americans reject failure. As Patton said, we find it hateful..."
" Did you know this? I didn't. ""It is not the first time Yugoslavian grenades have been used by criminal gangs in the north-west of England."" Drug dealers in the UK use hand grenades. Guess who else does? Criminals in Sweden. Let's do some more looking. Isn't THIS a surprise. Here's one in Germany. Greece. France. Spain. Doesn't Europe have laws banning the civilian ownership of hand grenades? What the deuce is going on then...?"
" The Iraqis took Kirkuk in 15 hours. This issue was unresolved for three years. ONE FIREFIGHT. The US says it was caused by confusion. Note how the Kurds say they had no idea what was happening. The GCC allowed a three-year dispute to be resolved without bloodshed in 15 hours. Simply stunning. THAT'S what Saudi capabilities are..."
" makes a request. I divide our country's history into Before the Trump Era and the Trump Era. Don't me wrong; I don't think is a deity. But he's our first president, in many fundamental ways. In the Trump administration, people have the freedom to do their jobs without having to okay everything with the boss. In order to do their job, they lie. Strategic deception. They're lying to US only incidentally. In reality, they're lying to our enemies. I wrote about this before: In World War One, giant armies marched toward each other, firing rifles, machine guns, and artillery. To keep from losing everyone in the entire army, they dug trench systems all the way across France, to the coast. Then they sat there for four years. Every now and then, they would have mass infantry attacks. The worst was the Battle of the Somme. July 1, 1916, was the opening day. All the carefully laid plans fell to pieces, and the British took 60,000 casualties in one day. The British soldiers wore large white patches of cloth on their backs so the generals with binoculars WAY in the the rear could them. ""Dammit it all,"" a general said, looking at the Newfoundland Regiment through his binoculars. ""Why aren't those men advancing?"" And his aide said, ""Because they're all dead, Sir."" The middle-aged firefighter who commanded the German flamethrower regiment referred to his men as ""my boys."" His name was Bernhard Reddemann (left). Reddemann led the largest flamethrower attack in history on November 9, 1916, in Skrobowa, Russia. They used 240 flamethrowers simultaneously. Reddemann lost 16 men, which he considered a catastrophe. To prevent losses, Reddemann developed Indianlike Forward Pouncing, almost called the ""Crazy Chaps Tactic."" Small groups of men went out into No Man's Land--singing, yodeling, doing cartwheels. Whenever the Crazy Chaps Tactic was used, the enemy held his fire, mesmerized. They didn't notice that the Crazy Chaps were closer. And closer. The Crazy Chaps kept up their antics, dashing from cover to cover, giving each other ORDERS in gibberish that only THEY understood. When they got to within 100 meters or so, at least two flamethrowers sprayed thick burning oil on the ground, which created a massive wall of black smoke. The rest of the men charged the trench. They attacked in ""flame shock troops"": one flamethrower squad in front, four hand-grenade throwers, and one flamethrower squad in the rear. The hand-grenade throwers cleared the trench. Flamethrowers were used only when the hand grenades were ineffective. German flamethrower operators could engage in ""curved-trajectory shooting."" By manipulating the valve of the lance, the operator could make the jet of flame arc downward to hit men crouching at the bottom of trenches. And the flamethrower operators could fire around corners by bouncing the jet of flame off the wall of the trench. In four years of a WORLD war, the German flamethrower regiment lost a total of 890 men. Many of them died in training accidents. In the entire war, nobody matched the Germans in terms of flame-warfare tactics. A German flamethrower pioneer had to be able to run flat out--SPRINT--for a full kilometer nonstop while carrying a 70-pound flamethrower. If he couldn't do that, he wasn't accepted. The Germans alone used their flamethrower troops as the tip of the spear. Every other combatant put the flamethrower troops in the second wave. The German approach was ""move fast and act crazy."" It worked. And yet nobody else has ever duplicated this style of attack. After the war, the British, French, and Americans wrote utterly absurd, dishonest accounts of German flame warfare. They just couldn't admit to the truth, so they lied. Bernhard Reddemann was never again hired as a firefighter. Nobody even knows where he's buried. It's really quite grotesque: He saved thousands of lives by simply THREATENING to use his flamethrowers. As brilliant a man as he was, Reddemann's fatal flaw was he took everything personally. He let his rage destroy him. Trump and his allies use the Crazy Chaps Tactic daily, but they don't take anything personally. They're indifferent to the opinions of idiots. If you can learn to not care about the opinions of idiots, you'll go far. And learn how to be a Crazy Chap. You'll defeat the idiots every time... "
" Let me tell one one of my favorite stories. Jeff Flake's nose reminded me of it. I used to walk around this golf course every day. I love that movie, by the way. Everyone misunderstood it. The movie is about a man who lacks the character to deal with life's setbacks, so he becomes everything he hates. I had to fight most of my life to keep from becoming what I hate. The answer was...hermitude! When I went out for my walks, I got accosted almost every day. So I was always in a bad mood. I just wanted to be left alone. There's a horse trail up around the golf course. It's in this video. Here's the horse trail. I took that photo. The novel is about the best friend I ever had, a quadriplegic man who demanded that I help him commit suicide. The wheelchair represents him. I met him on the horse trail. So I walked five miles a day, around the golf course in the movie Falling Down. Then I'd stop and talk with Nick as he sat in his wheelchair, thinking. One day on the horse trail, I saw these two really weird-looking young women up ahead. They were Latina, each over six feet tall, but they seemed unformed, like babies. As I approached, one walked toward me and said, ""Excuse me, sir."" I didn't want to talk to weird giant girls who confused me by the way they looked, so I almost didn't stop. But I stopped. ""What can I do for you?"" I asked. ""Well, my sister and I have to get to the church,"" the girl said. There's a small church near the gate of the hotel connected to the golf course. ""Our daddy told us to be careful around boys who wear baggy clothes and their caps backwards. There's a bunch of them up the path, and they were saying bad things to us. Could you please walk us past them?"" So I said sure. The other girl joined us, and we walked in silence. The two girls were wearing modest workout clothes: shorts and T-shirts. Around the bend in the path was a group of about ten teenagers, all dressed as gang-bangers. The girls held hands and seemed ready to cry, so I told them to walk on my left. That way I'd be between the kids and the girls. As we passed, the boys stopped talking and ""mad-dogged me."" It's a challenging stare. They snickered and muttered to each other. I ignored them. After we passed them, I asked the girls how old they were. ""Well, I'm ten, and my sister's eleven."" As I said, they were both over six feet tall. That explained their odd appearance. They were just little kids. Not even tweens. As we approached the church, the front door opened, and a man at least seven feet tall came out. He was probably the most muscular human being I've ever seen, and his nose was smashed flat, but to the side. I've never seen that before. His nose was in profile when he was looking forward. ""Daddy!"" the two girls shouted and ran to him. He held out his arms, and then hugged. ""Thank you, sir!"" they called as I walked on. The father looked at me, and I had a fantasy: I'm a very vengeful person. In my fantasy, I told the father that ten punks up the path had harassed his girls to the point of tears. See, I wanted to stand by the church and watch as bodies were LAUNCHED over the fence onto the golf course. When all ten of them were piled up on the grass, I'd lean over them. I'd say, ""Don't you wish your parents had raised you differently? Now you're all going to die on a golf course. What was it like to fly two hundred feet into the air, launched by punches? Hurry! Tell me before you wink out!"" But I didn't want to have to testify against the father, so I didn't say anything. On my way back ten minutes later, the gang-bangers were all gone. I looked in the trees but didn't see anything. Those girls would be in their late twenties now. My guess is they can break anyone in half whenever they need to..."
" My brother is an airliner fanatic. He's the one who told me how to judge geopolitics by studying airliners. He's currently in Las Vegas. Every evening, a white Airbus A380 flies over our new house. The A380 is called a ""superjumbo."" Airbus planned on selling 1200 by 2020, but so far they've sold only 200. Here's the fun part. The tiny United Arab Emirates bought HALF the total number of A380s sold. My brother tells me that the flights never sell out. Some of the flights have fewer than 20 passengers. The UAE say they own a total of 96 A380s. Other sources put the total at 101. Look under ""Emirates."" The UAE says it plans to buy a total of 140 A30s. That's a GIGANTIC fleet of enormous aircraft. Guess what else the UAE has? AMMROC. The Advanced Military Maintenance Repair Overhaul Center. By all accounts its the best in the world. Guess what AMMROC also does? AMMROC converts civilian aircraft to military aircraft. Most of these conversions are totally classified. SOMEONE is flying unmarked A380s over my new house, right into Nellis Air Force Base. Guess what's there? The Nevada Test and Training Range. This is where they have Green Flag-West. ""It is a Close Air Support and Joint exercise administered by the US Air Force Air Warfare Center and Nellis AFB through the 549th Combat Training Squadron."" Airliners. Study them, and you learn tons of stuff. The Emiratis had their A380s re-engined. It was another ""surprise move."" My guess is that one of the reasons Trump was welcomed so lavishly in the Middle East is that he utterly changed the way we and our allies train. Instead of just one highly touted exercise per year, we now have them all the time, and local commanders are in charge. A businessman's approach to the military. It's so crazy it just might work...!"
" lets me talk about ideals versus actions. Ben Shapiro proudly calls Trump a ""turd tornado."" I hear a lot about the greatness of Ben Shapiro. He has ideals. But not only has he accomplished NOTHING for the country, he's a deeply unpleasant person who lies about the president. Here's Trump controlling himself quite easily. Ronald Reagan said that too many conservatives wanted him to go over the cliff, waving the flag all the way down. Shapiro is like Ann Coulter. Both of them studied the film critic Rex Reed, whose signature viciousness became the defining trait of East Coast punditry. What Shapiro does is waste time. He engages in pointless debates with people who will never agree with him. This is old-school conservatism. It's about endless yakking and doing nothing. I study military issues. Obviously Shapiro doesn't. Trump is sidestepping every single trap that Republican presidents blunder into, time and time again. By delegating authority to James Mattis, Trump prevents Congress from politicizing the wars we must fight. And the Trump Doctrine prevents the world from taking advantage of us. The Trump Doctrine is that the US will organize, provide logistical and air support, and throw our geopolitical heft behind our allies--but THEY must do the heavy lifting. No more invasions, no more nation building, no more democratizing by force. Trump voluntarily gave up his influence--and that made him the most influential president in US history. Trump is the only US president invited to address Islamic nations as a whole. The Arab Islamic American Summit was unique. Under Trump, the Saudis fully integrated the US armed forces into their highest levels of classified activity. The Saudis EXCLUDED all other presidents from this access. Shapiro is obsolete. The angry, nasty, negative, East Coast pundit spewing insults is a denizen of the dead past. These people are all dedicated to preserving the status quo. It's massively inhumane. The house my brother and I bought in Las Vegas is GREAT, but it needed tons of work. My brother has been there for months, fixing. He hired a contractor named Vinnie who has brought in all the others. My brother is a man of colossal intellect. He's a photographer, poet, and auto mechanic. His knowledge of machinery is his connection to the working-class people who are filling our new house, MAKING IT BETTER. Every one of those people is a real human being. And Trump became president for THEM. Not for Ben Shapiro. I value improvement over almost everything. Trump allows working-class people to repair my dream house. Contractors couldn't take certain risks under Obama. The uncertainties made it impossible to commit to certain jobs. Now, the floodgates are open. Vinnie the contractor can commit to making my house great again, and we can offer him incentives to do the best dam job he can. My brother says every day is like a house party. Trump did that. So I don't care about Shapiro's alleged ideals. He's done nothing to improve the lives of anyone. Ideals are meaningless if you don't back them up with ACTIONS..."
" I'm being told that there's ""something fishy"" about the deaths of ""so many"" survivors of the Las Vegas mass shooting. This is pure insanity. I can say that even before I look up stats. There were 22,000 attendees. Statistically, several would be dead by now. Kymberley Suchomel had epilepsy. Her grandmother said that she was very prone to seizures, and the stress of the mass shooting had increased the severity of the seizures. Suchomel was also taking medication for a pituitary tumor. ALL of these medications can have lethal side effects for epileptics. Suchomel was suffering from PTSD which got worse when she tried to sleep. Danny Contreras was shot to death. He had gang tattoos, and the police say it was a dispute over drugs. Dennis and Lorraine Carver were killed in a car accident. In the US, there are 11 road fatalities per 100,000 people. There were 22,000 at the concert. Of these, 2.4 would be expected to die in road fatalities. Roy McClellan was killed by a hit-and-run driver who was identified and arrested. There's nothing fishy about any of these deaths. What's fishy is the insistence that the City of Las Vegas, the Clark County Sheriff's Department, the Las Vegas Police, the FBI, and the BATFE are all covering up...something. Let me tell you about my Great-Aunts Clarinda and Rosalie. Both married, but Clarinda never had children. Rosalie's son died of spinal meningitis when he was 14. And both women married no-good drunks. The no-good drunks died early, so Clarinda and Rosalie moved in together and went crazy together. Clarinda never learned how to drive, and Rosalie lost her eyesight. So guess what they did? They teamed up! Rosalie drove blindly while Clarinda gave her directions. For whatever reason, all the elderly people on both sides of my family starve themselves to death. Rosalie and Clarinda lived on one Salisbury steak each per day. And parsley tea. Finally Rosalie stopped eating altogether. She was six feet tall and was down to 68 pounds when they took her to the hospital. My brother Tim drove out to see what he could do. Nobody had told us that this was happening. At the hospital, Clarinda told Tim that Rosalie was improving. Rosalie kept falling unconscious in mid sentence. She had no idea who Tim was. Rosalie repeated one thing over and over: ""They're giving us the runaround."" Who was and in what way? We'll never know. When people tell me about their Las Vegas conspiracy theories, I think of blind, six-foot-tall, 68-pound Rosalie saying, ""They're giving us the runaround."" But falling unconscious every other word. Keep it up, people. You'll find yourselves alone in a house completely bare of paint, your teeth falling out on the table. That's how Clarinda went. Tim went out there again and found Clarinda living alone in a house filled to the rafters with newspapers, magazines, plastic paint buckets, lawn chairs... Since Clarinda was paranoid, the house was buttoned up. It was like an oven. So Clarinda told Tim, ""If you're hot, take off your top. Like me."" And then this eighty-three-year-old woman took off her blouse and bra. It turned out that she was financially supporting a local man who had the mind of a child. He ate birthday cake and ice cream for every meal. His diabetes and heart disease were so bad that he could barely move. Tim packed everyone off to their final destinations, and then the relatives descended to strip the houses bare. Not a pretty way to go. Clarinda and Rosalie believed every conspiracy theory ever expressed. They had newsletters from fifty sources, all demanding money. Ruthless sons of bitches took advantage of these defenseless, crazy old ladies. I keep saying this: I'm not the right guy to ask about conspiracy theories. When you ask me, I picture you as Clarinda talking with her top off, and then a tooth falls out of her mouth and lands on the table. ""Is that your tooth or mine?"" she asked, without missing a beat. Or I picture you as Rosalie, lying in bed, a talking skeleton passing out every other word. ""They're giving. ""Us the. ""Runaround."" Instead of turning into crazy, toothless, stick-thin old ladies victimized by everybody, how about you stop worrying about fantasies? This is the greatest period of your life. You're squandering it on madness... ADDENDUM: Clarinda on the left in 1918. Rosalie in 1918. "
" By the way, Justice Department Inspector General Michael E. Horowitz was reviewing how the FBI handled the Hillary Clinton e-mail case. ""Wray alluded to having seen aspects of the IG's report into the way the FBI handled the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private e-mail server."" However. Lookee here. Horowitz is reviewing text messages that Strzok! and Lisa Page sent to each other. Those text messages have nothing to do with Hillary's server. They're all about Trump. Ergo, the inspector general's investigation is FAR MORE wide ranging than we were initially told. He STARTED OUT looking at the Hillary e-mail issue, and he found OTHER STUFF. As inspector general, he's allowed to go where the evidence takes him. So we have Mueller AND Horowitz uncovering abuses. THESE are the investigations that can't be discredited. What I mean is, the Democrats WOULD HAVE TRIED to discredit them, but the Republicans gave them a rabbit in the form of Nunes's memo. The strategic deception of Nunes's memo is protecting TWO investigations that we know of. So THIS is why Nunes's memo has become the center of attention. It was by design. How many journalists have noticed that Horowitz's investigation has broadened into looking at how FBI employees dealt with TRUMP? So we'll have Nunes's memo, Horowitz's investigation, and Mueller's investigation. We already have evidence that Horowitz and Mueller are looking at FBI corruption in regard to Trump. Michael Flynn pleaded guilty due to an interview conducted by Strzok. Mueller has asked that Flynn's sentencing be delayed, due to new information that Muller found. And Horowitz has all the texts between Strzok! and Page. NOW do you see why the Nunes memo was hyped to the edge of the known universe? It tricked every reporter on the planet into not noticing the steady advance of Muller on one front and Horowitz on another. The Democrats fell into the trap too. Now I'm convinced that Nunes wrote the memo in such a way that both the FBI and the DOJ would object. But this original draft was never intended to be published. That's why it hasn't leaked... ADDENDUM: Someday I'll stop writing ""Muller"" when I mean ""Mueller."" Maybe he could change his name for me. Hey, could one of Robert Mueller's friends plase ask him to change his name to ""Muller"" for me? Or ""Mulder""? Thanks... ADDENDUM TWO: points me to THIS. ""Finally, if circumstances warrant, the OIG will consider including other issues that may arise during the course of the review."" A song for the Democrats... "
" Want to laugh at the impotently angry ? First, we have this: Guess what? HE THOUGHT HILLARY HAD IT IN THE BAG! Here's what he said about the Republican National Convention: THEN what happened? While overconfident MTC was sipping tea with his pinky in the air, saying, ""Mwah-hah-hah. Those Republicans are SO adorable,"" some of us knew what was coming. See how it got one retweet and one like? SUCKERS! I'm never wrong in my predictions about Trump, . You have NO IDEA what's coming! I filmed you in your house, by the way. I hope you don't mind me posting the video... "
" makes a point about the anti-gun push. Now, it's perfectly legitimate for people to be bothered that I'm not a fan of Dana Loesch. But that doesn't mean YOU shouldn't be a fan. It's just a difference of a opinion. I wonder how many gun owners like ME there are? Loesch doesn't actually speak for me. I'm not a gun guy. But I own firearms for a variety of reasons. There are times when to taunt the other side, and times when to change your approach. That's what I think. But it depends on the goal. If the goal is to get the base to go out and vote, then Loesch's approach is perfectly fine. She's speaking the language of the people who are not me. But if the goal is to try and get the other side to see gun owners in a different light, then a different approach is required. So it all depends on what you're trying to do. What follows is my PERSONAL opinion, so it's no more valuable than yours. PERSONALLY, I think the very confrontational, defiant approach is a relic of the pre-Trump era. I'd like to see more humor and more willingness to call out dishonesty without fear of the repercussions. Loesch was 100 percent wrong about Donald Trump. This is important to me. I'm not political at all. So I am truly at a loss when people immersed in politics all day and night don't understand Trump. Trump is a Q-ship. Do you know what a Q-ship is? In World War I, German submarines sank freighters by surfacing and using the deck gun. They had 88mm deck guns, so you could sink a freighter with just three shots. So the British invented the Q-ship. It's a massively powerful gunship with hidden weapons. But it looks like a helpless freighter. There were two types of guns: One was hidden in fake cargo boxes. The sides of the boxes dropped down, and SURPRISE! Say hello to my little friend. The second type of gun was on a swivel mount below deck. This gun rose up out of the deck and opened fire in three seconds. So German had to stay underwater and fire torpedoes. THAT was where the British Felixstowe and American Curtis flying boats came in. The flying boats could SEE the submarines. And then they dropped depth charges. For air-sea rescue purposes, the flying boats were painted insane colors. And they had MASSIVE firepower. So: I prefer Q-ships and flying boats to giant armadas all lit up by spotlights. It's just a difference of opinion. I don't respond positively to giant armadas. Q-ships and flying boats defeated the German U-boats in World War I. The allies did even WEIRDER stuff in World War II. But that's another topic..."
" The armed citizen is plumber who does target shooting. He took cover behind a car and shot the murderer ALL AROUND his body armor, forcing him to drop the rifle. The armed citizen began shooting the murderer while the murderer was still in the church firing on the congregation."
" A question for supporters of Bashar al-Assad: Syrian Arab Army, right? Why did the grey-haired commander yell, ""Takbir!"" and why did the soldiers shout ""Allahu akbar""? Has Suheil ""the Tiger"" al-Hassan been replaced with a Wahhabist? He's wearing an Iraqi ACU (Army Combat Uniform) in the M81 Woodland Pattern. He also speaks English. The Syrian Arab Army jacket has no Velcro for name tapes or shoulder patches. So who is this man shouting ""Takbir!"" and wearing a non-Syrian uniform? Any answers? "
" THERE WE GO! Say good night, Nasrallah. Writer Mohamad Bazzi has no idea what's actually happening. ""Why would Saudi leaders risk a new conflagration? They see a way to make common cause with Washington by targeting Hezbollah, one of Iran’s most effective allies."" No, Mohamad. Hezbollah threatens Saudis interests and those of Saudi allies. Also, Hezbollah is a destabilizing influence in the Middle East. ""But Saudi Arabia is already overstretched. Its war against Houthi rebels in Yemen drags on, and the diplomatic dispute with Qatar remains in a stalemate, too."" The war against the Houthis is called a ""holding action."" Saudi Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir has said, ""The Houthis aren't going anywhere. They just need to learn to live with everyone else."" The Saudis aren't trying to defeat the Houthis. Instead, the goal is to keep the Houthis at bay until their masters--the Iranian mullahs--are gone. Back to the deeply confused Mohamad Bazzi. ""If Saudi leaders think they can score an easy victory in Lebanon against Hezbollah, it will be another misjudgment that adds to a dangerous and combustible moment in the Middle East."" What the hell? Have the Saudis every said they think they can score an easy victory against Hezbollah? You know what the press does now? It argues with its own hallucinations. ""If the Saudis think they can make cherry pie from mummified elephants and Volkswagen Beetles, it will be another misjudgment."" How do these people get hired? Any one of my followers would do a better job writing about this topic. This guy: . This guy: . This guy: . Here are some things that Mohamad Bazzi doesn't know: In 2008, the Saudis offered to destroy Hezbollah, if the US and NATO provided air support, sea power, and logistics. That was nine years ago. Before the Saudis had stuff like this. In 2015, Israel trained to evacuate all of Southern Lebanon in 24 hours. Whatever happens to Hezbollah is not part of a Trump plan. The locals have been preparing for this for nine years. Oh, and there's this: How do we know that the Gulf Cooperation Council trouble with Qatar is real? Iran opened its airspace to Qatari airliners as an ""Eff you!"" to Saudi Arabia. How do we know the airliners are crewed by Qataris, and how do we know what sorts of instruments are on them? The caption says that this is a Russian Ilyushin bomber. In reality, that's the the Antonov/Taqnia An-132, the first indigenous Saudi aircraft design. It wasn't supposed to be ready until 2018, AND this one has a bulge under the nose. It's an electronic-warfare (EW) variant. The New York Times is living in the past. Hezbollah's fate has nothing to do with Trump. Blame Nasrallah. And Hezbollah will be destroyed without significant damage to Lebanon. My guess is they won't even be able to fire their rockets. This had to happen. Hezbollah is a destabilizing force, and Nasrallah won't listen. So he goes into the dumpster, where he belongs..."
" France continues its long tradition of appointing ambassadors to the US who hate America and don't know anything about our history. posts one of the stupidest comments of all time. Then he digs deeper. Since I'm neither stupid NOR a hater of the United States, I can tell you the unvarnished, inarguable truth: By the 1930s, the Europeans had been slaughtering each other for centuries. Americans broke up the fight in 1917, at a cost of 53,402 of our irreplaceable lives. The Treaty of Versailles required that Germany take full responsibility for the war, as demanded by France. Cartoonist Will Dyson AND MANY OTHERS saw what would happen. From the British Daily Herald, May, 13, 1919. Dyson predicted that the Versailles Treaty would slaughter European high schoolers who graduated in 1940. And he was right! The United States was founded by people who FLED EUROPE because they found the place too dysfunctional. After the worst war in human history, the French guaranteed a SUCCESSOR war. The esteemed ambassador says that the US refused to side with France and the UK in confronting the fascist powers in the 1930s. Well, we were in the the middle of the GREAT DEPRESSION, which made it impossible for us to do anything in terms of siding with anybody. Also, the French were off their rockers. They built a fortress system called the Maginot Line, from coast to coast. The Germans flew over it. The French Supreme Headquarters thought telephones were too modern, so all the communication was done by carrier pigeon and courier. French tanks had no radios. The commanders stood in the open hatch and communicated with semaphore flags. ""Hold on. The captain is giving us an order. 'Turn...to..the...' Crap. He's dead. Now what?"" Don't forget that the French and the UK were also really hot on APPEASEMENT. Ask the Czechs. ""Peace in our time!"" So on the anniversary of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, a Frenchman blames AMERICA for his country's endless pathology. The Hundred Years' War! A European invention. Like clockwork, the Europeans butchered each other every twenty years until WE FINALLY TOOK THEIR ARMIES AWAY FROM THEM. Imagine being a country that can't be trusted with armed forces. These are all Americans, buried in France. Let's ask the French ambassador about the ""Iron Harvest."" Care to comment, Mr. Ambassador? The busiest, most experienced explosive ordnance disposal experts in the world are French. Every year, they have to dispose of hundreds of tons of artillery rounds, hand grenades, and ammunition from TWO WORLD WARS. Entire segments of France are CORDONED OFF. If you go walking there, you'll blow up. How insane is THAT? Here's how France ""buried"" its soldiers at Douaumont. It's called an ""ossuary."" Classy, eh? They aren't even identified, and a century later, it still stinks of decomposing flesh. So why on earth would the US have gotten involved in ANOTHER European conflict? We couldn't have stopped World War II. But we ENDED it, the way we'd done twenty years earlier. We had memories of the ENTIRE FRENCH ARMY mutinying in 1917. Watch the movie ""A Very Long Engagement,"" which shows how the French treated their soldiers. EUROPEANS and JAPANESE caused World War II. Not us. You guys. If France had any sense of honor, it would fire this ambassador. For him to say that on today of all days? Astonishing. A man with no character whatsoever... ADDENDUM: The ""Iron Harvest."" A fraction of the munitions that Europeans fired at, threw at, and dropped on each other. French cops says France should be safe in about 200 years. ADDENDUM TWO: To show you that I'm not ""le bigot grande,"" two of my military heroes are French. Ferdinand Foch, the best general in World War I. ""My center is giving way, my right is in retreat; situation excellent. I shall attack."" And Major General Raoul Charles Magrin-Vernerey, known by his nom-de-guerre of Ralph Monclar. At the age of 60, Monclar voluntarily accepted a demotion from Major General to colonel so that he could personally command the French Battalion in the Korean War. Armed only with a cane, he led his men into battle against the Chinese. The Chinese used horrific and effective psychological warfare: unearthly noises, bugle calls, recorded screams, roars, etc. Monclar would lead his men in song to drown out the enemy. The French Battalion fought off entire regiments in endless night attacks. They were expert bayonet fighters. And in the thick of the battle would be 60-year-old Ralph Monclar, carrying only his cane. Two of my heroes. Both are French..."
" It started here. And now it's become ""accepted wisdom."" It wasn't ONE cop; it was FOUR. Here's what the AR-15 obsessives are saying: ""Just bring an AR-15. The cops will leave you alone, and we won't blame them."" This makes sense ONLY to people fixated on the AR-15. I'm old enough to remember when the object of fixation was the AK-47. Now, back then--the 1980s--people said that cops were outgunned. But nobody EVER said, ""Cops shouldn't try to save lives when the criminal has an AK-47."" Leftists are now PUSHING FOR SCHOOL SHOOTINGS. ""We can't expect cops to save kids if the shooter has an AR-15."" What they WANT is so many dead students that the country will demand that the AR-15 be banned. The movement to ban the AR-15 has already imploded. When people say with a straight face that police are allowed to let people die if an AR-15 is involved, that's the end of the momentum. This thing burned out in record time. But it shows you that ideology takes precedence over human life. Remember the mass shooting in Norway in 2011? This is what leftists want for the US. Norway's anti-terror force has no helicopter, because a helicopter is too military. So the anti-terror force DROVE to the island where the nutter was shooting. It took the anti-terror police exactly an hour to get to the island. The local police made German tourists stop rescuing kids swimming from the island. What struck me about the massacre was the near-total lack of emotion expressed by the entire country. The had candlelight vigils, and they swore that the attack wouldn't change Norway. It was the weirdest damn thing I ever heard. The kids who survived didn't seem all that upset. And then during the trial, the nutter disobeyed all demands that he stop giving the Nazi salute, but nothing was done. This is what the nutter's prison cell looks like. And guess what? American leftists think that's GREAT! I lived in Norway. It was horror that never stopped. Human life meant NOTHING. I've never encountered so many belligerent alcoholics. One night an ancient, drunken farmer tried to pick a fight with me. He came up the stairs at the front of the hotel where I was standing, and he took a swing at me. He missed, lost his balance, and fell face first into the glass corner of the front of the hotel. He hit that corner and then SLID down, giving himself a gash from his chin to his forehead. Instantly a gallon of blood poured out. I ran into the hotel and told them to call an ambulance. They refused. The farmer was sitting there, looking like someone had hit him in the face with axe as hard as they could, and the hotel staff would not call an ambulance. So I pitched the most demented fit of my life. They finally called the ambulance, but they were VERY put out. See, leftists want the Law of the Jungle. Every man and woman for themselves. That's NOT civilization. Excusing cops for NOT DOING THEIR JOB is not civilization. Norway is hell on earth. The government controls every aspect of your life, BUT IT WON'T HELP YOU. Leftism provides us a regimented, drawn-out death. Don't let it happen here. Embrace civilization. Embrace LIFE..."
" Have trouble sleeping? Watch Antifa go through its routine for the millionth time. Antifa has managed to make leftist thuggery BORING. It's not possible to watch this entire thing. I lasted about three minutes. Seen it all before. Means nothing. Squealing young voices dropping f-bombs are now this to me. Why would I listen to that? So I don't."
" Today will be another vacation from Twitter. I wrote this thread yesterday. I have a long history of defending Israel in a way that no other person has. Am I giving myself too much credit? You be the judge. When I told a NON-JEWISH person that I support Donald Trump, I became the target of endless assaults by my Jewish followers. I had to block over 500 of them. Yesterday and today, Israelis and Jewish people are STILL calling me a liar. I spent thousands of dollars to make my Website secure. At one point, there were 6 million hacking attempts per day. I stopped saving the evidence. We traced the IP addresses to Syria. The FBI and other agencies got involved. Mine is the most-hacked Website in the history of the Internet. I've discovered tow things: One, I feel better when I stay off Twitter. And two, Pierre Rehov was right. He warned that what has happened would happen. He himself is an example of what has happened. I feel excited and optimistic when I write about the improvements that the Saudis are bringing about. Improvement. That's what I care about. Being called a liar and being told that I'm an amusing little fellow doesn't fit in with what I'm concentrating on. So I'll check in on Twitter later. And we won't talk about Israel and the Jewish people anymore. They can talk about themselves. Obviously I haven't done ENOUGH to earn being treated well, so I bow out..."
" As I always say: If they don't mention the Gulf Cooperation Council, their opinions are worthless. ""By sidestepping Russian and Iranian assets in Syria, President Donald Trump’s precision strike in retaliation for Syria’s chemical weapons attack may have little strategic significance."" Glick will NEVER understand that the people in the driver's seat are the Gulf Cooperation Council. The air strikes were not intended to win the war. They were not strategic in nature. ""Distressingly, one of the key parties blocking U.S. efforts to curb Iranian capabilities in all areas is one of America’s closest allies: Germany."" GOOD. While Germany grovels and Trump says, ""Why I oughtta--"" GUESS WHAT'S HAPPENING? Iran is being set up for the mother of all falls. First, there were protests all over Iran. Literally in every city. SOMEBODY was watching. They were able to gauge the precise strengths and weaknesses of the Iranian security forces. NOW, Iranian farmers are protesting. But NOT in their OWN cities. They're protesting in OTHER cities. This is a rehearsal of troop movements. And it's being done out in the open. The security forces are helpless to stop it. Caroline Glick wants actions that will FAIL. The only way that the mullahs can be toppled is if the Iranians do it. And that requires time, patience, and the ability to foresee all pitfalls. This article tells you the REAL story. ""Iraqi special forces may be dropped by air into Syria, Hisham al-Hashimi, a government adviser on ISIS, told Reuters."" THAT is an admission that the Iraqis have been training in Saudi Arabia. Iraqi is rapidly returning to its role as a regional power. And THIS is important too: ""The funerals were for five Sunni members of the Shia-led Popular Mobilisation Forces who were killed in an attack in the region four days earlier."" These sectarian distinctions are rapidly disappearing. Germany won't cause a world war, because Middle Easterners won't allow it to happen. I wrote about this before: If you want to stop a basketball player from scoring, do you have to knock him out? Or do you just bump his elbow as he shoots? You COULD knock him out, but imagine all the problems that would cause. Kermit Washington punched Rudy Tomjanovich in the face during a game. The punch detached Tomjanovich's face from his skull. He almost died, and he never recovered. His career was over. Washington was the first of the Professional Sports Scumbags. ""He didn't mean to do it!"" all the sportswriters said. SURE he did. The Saudis taught me that restraint is FAR more effective than anything else. THIS is how I used to think. But knew something LONG before I did. It's a lesson the Saudis took to heart. All WILL be well. Nobody's kidding around here. It's just that the people winning the wars aren't broadcasting it. Clandestine wars are SMART wars. One of the reasons Germany is the way it is today is that it was the most thoroughly defeated nation in human history. It made them bitter and vengeful. Angry people screw up the lives of others ON PURPOSE. The best way to defeat the enemy is to do so without inflicting massive casualties and without humiliating him. This isn't pie-in-the-sky, airy-fairy New Age psychobabble. The Russians cause so much trouble because they're HUMILIATED by their eternal loserdom. Troublemakers are seeking power. The easiest way to garner power is by being a geopolitical mafioso. Defeating them takes brains, not brawn. But. Every now and then, you have to show them what you can do. The END is preordained. But GETTING THERE is the test of character..."
" Stupidest thing I've heard anyone say with a straight face. ""Sessions is not up to the job."" Madness. BUT! Greg Jarrett beats even THAT: ""Jeff Sessions is not the attorney general. He is the AG in name only... Sessions is kept in the dark, out of major decisions. He doesn't have a clue as to what's going on there."" All these people are saying that Trump is unfit to be president. This is the same demented bullshit we heard about McMaster and then Kelly. ""McMaster's taking over!"" Whatever happened to your hysteria about that? Nothing changed. Everything is EXACTLY THE SAME as when you were all hysterical. Why aren't you hysterical anymore? ""Kelly determines the news that Trump sees!"" Again, NOTHING HAS CHANGED. You were hysterical about it THEN, but now you don't care anymore. Why not? The answer is that NONE OF THIS IS REAL. This is about addiction to hysteria. Nothing else. Imagine a washcloth that you wring out over your mouth, getting the last drop of delicious hysteria into your hysteria-hole. Then you TOSS ASIDE the dry washcloth and pick up another one that's dripping with hysteria. None of you actually believe ANY OF THIS. You prove it to me by MOVING from washcloth to washcloth. The people pushing this stuff are what the EPA calls ""gross polluters."" You're like the people who have bumper stickers that say ""9/11 Was an Inside Job."" You see them buying hamburgers at McDonald's. ""The government murdered 3000 Americans. This is a great cheeseburger. Nice and greasy."" Leftists robbed concepts of all meaning. Racism. Sexism. Murder. Rightists are robbing the concept of THOUGHT of all meaning. Hysteria for the sake of hysteria. It's DISGUSTING. I'm embarrassed for you..."
" There WAS color film very early on, but it just looks weird. A genuine ORIGINAL color photo of Senegalese infantry in 1917. Somehow even the original color imagery seems inappropriate. It just seems TRIVIAL. Black and white adds--I hate this word--gravitas. French infantry from World War One. I prefer black and white for humans and color for landscapes. It's just my preference..."
" Interesting that the world's press doesn't care about THIS. The Houthis have carried out the largest landmine operations since World War II. Over ONE MILLION landmines planted. This is how the Houthis create civilian casualties. ""The Houthis have been planting land mines arbitrarily in heavily populated residential neighborhoods and increase their numbers right before withdrawing from any area in the country."" Some Houthi minefields are over five miles deep. Yet the Yemeni Army and Coalition aren't being stopped. Also, about 3000 civilians have been killed. By over a million landmines. So what does this tell us? The Saudis have technology for locating and defeating landmines. These gigantic minefields aren't slowing the ground offensives. Landmines come in two types: Antipersonnel and anti-vehicle. A landmine can be detonated by pressure or by a tripwire. Some mines fly into the air and explode at waist level. It's a huge leap forward that minefields are no longer effective. What we're seeing in Yemen and Syria is Iran's lackeys destroying and harming simply out of spite. This is suicidal. When the enemy becomes an animal, he has to be exterminated. The Houthis are threatening to sink 19 cargo vessels. I'm amazed that they would do this. Iran did the same thing in 1988, which resulted in Operation Praying Mantis. You may have heard of the dreaded Iranian speedboats. The Iranians used them against the US Navy in 1988. The solution? Say hello to the Mk 20 Rockeye, boys. The speedboats are 100 percent ineffective. I'm amazed that Iran forgot this, but they'll be reminded. Everything is a foregone conclusion. I NEVER expected that the North Koreans would show more rationality than the mullahs, but there you go. At any rate, the western press is giving the Houthis a pass for laying the largest minefields since World War II. It doesn't fit in with The Narrative, so it's ignored..."
" An AFP report. Operation Olive Branch began January 20, 2018. The hard-fighting rebels backed by Turkey. The Turks obviously took washing machines with them. Those are the cleanest ""fighters"" I've ever seen. Turkish armored personnel carrier after over a month in combat. The Turks obviously took power washers to Syria too. Safety first! Always carry your assault rifle by the foregrip. The guy on the right is wearing an Islamic State tunic. See? The length is the trademark. There's no cure for crazy. Well, there IS, but that's the cure for EVERYTHING. The Turks are a tough nut to crack. Erdogan keeps saying he's going to attack our troops in Manbij. He should ask Putin if that's a good idea..."
" The Pentagon got FAR more funding than it requested. This bill was negotiated in secret, so I'm sure the Democrats agreed to the hefty defense spending so that they could get the stuff THEY wanted. We're spending tons less on overseas operations, because the Trump Doctrine requires that the locals do the heavy lifting. So we have only a fraction of the people overseas that we had before. Nobody's talking about it, of course, but we also have tons more bases being opened up to us. Reading these bills is like chemistry class. I instantly get lost. But it APPEARS that Trump has the authority to redirect funds when it comes to national-security issues. That would add another layer of significance to this tweet. I saw an interview with a guy who has the highest IQ ever recorded. He was a bar bouncer at the time. He said a difference in ten IQ points makes it impossible for people to communicate. What Trump always does is say things that end up having multiple meanings. It's really quite amazing. I know he signed the bill to get our military ready for regime change in Iran, BUT it looks like he's ALSO telegraphing his intent to reallocate some funding in the name of national security. My guess is he won't announce it. IF--and that's a BIG if--some funding is reallocated in order to build a wall, the building will begin quietly. What if he takes on the Swamp and unveils a completed wall on the same day? That'll bring even Ann Coulter to the voting booth..."
" HOSTAC. ""Helicopter Operations from Ships other Than Aircraft Carriers."" An international standardization program that member nations implement. There's NATO HOSTAC. SIANC HOSTAC (Specialized Inter-American Naval Conference on HOSTAC), which includes South and Central American nations. Pacific HOSTAC. Middle Eastern HOSTAC. And as of yesterday? Indo-Pacific HOSTAC. India was reluctant to get too close to the US. In the past, we used India as leverage against Pakistan and China. That's not what India wanted. NOW, we have a much CLOSER relationship with India, and India is free to pursue close relations with Russia and China. Trump makes deals. ""What would it take for India and the US to have better relations?"" This is the most-important part of the new relationship: Sitharaman and Mattis ""agreed on the importance of a rules-based international order"" in which all nations are able to prosper..."" ""And the ""need to work together"" against the common threat of terrorism."" India isn't being asked to choose sides. The Trump Doctrine says that all nations chart their own course. By GIVING UP influence, Trump has become MORE influential. Remember this? ""He'll find out that running a country isn't like running a business."" No. Running a country is EASIER than running a business. For , at least."
" Why do I praise the Gulf Cooperation Council? James Mattis explains. In retaliation for an attack on security forces, the Burmese used scorched-earth tactics to drive about 700,000 Muslim Burmese into Bangladesh, where they live in squalid camps. Burmese troops use gang rape as a terror weapon. Remember freedom fighter Aung San Suu Kyi? After winning the election in 2015, she went over to the dark side. She denies everything. My guess is most of you didn't know that the Burmese had carried out one of the fastest, most effective acts of ethnic cleansing in human history. Everyone wants you to criticize Saudi Arabia over Yemen. Let's look at some statistics for Yemen. Yemen's refugees are INTERNALLY DISPLACED. 36 percent live with host families. 22 percent live in rented accommodations. 19 percent live in settlements they built themselves. That's 77 percent. About 166,658 Yemenis left the country. But refugees from OTHER COUNTRIES are fleeing to Yemen. Since the Saudi-led Coalition began military operations in Yemen on March 26, 2015, we've been warned of famine. It never happened. It'll happen AT ANY TIME, we're told. EVERY BAD THING happening in Yemen is the result of DELIBERATE actions by the Iran-backed Houthis. The Houthis were trained by Iran to weaponize all suffering, so that's what they do. But I'm not fooled. Look up photos of Yemeni hospitals. 90+ percent of the patients are military aged males. Check out the gut on the guy closest to the camera. Is HE starving? The Gulf Cooperation Council began fighting in Syria in October of 2015. SURPRISE! The US military says that refugees are returning in such a flood that it's hard to keep up with their requests for...construction equipment. They're rebuilding. All they ask for is bulldozers, front-end loaders, and so on. I told you a long time ago that the Gulf Cooperation Council invented a new type of warfare. They wage war on military objects, not people. What they do is destroy the enemy's offensive capabilities. The Burmese are old school. As a result, they use strategies that will totally backfire in the long run. China is supporting the Burmese government. That won't last. Trump has China in his sights. This is the TENTH simultaneous ground offensive the Yemenis are carrying out. AND they're attack in several FRONTS simultaneously. And we have a surprise attack on the Red Sea coast. Again, the Houthis use the same defenses that Hezbollah have built in Lebanon. The Saudi-TRAINED Yemenis are rolling up these defenses without much trouble. They spent two years being trained. During that time, the Houthis defenses were mapped. The Middle East is under control. This allows Trump to spend his time dealing with other issues. We haven't heard much from Kim Jong-un, have we? You can bet that SOMETHING was done. It gave him a whole new perspective. Don't be surprised if the Burmese suddenly see the light one of these days. I wouldn't want to be in their shoes..."
" History! There was a Schindler of the Far East. His name was John Rabe (RA-buh)...and he was a Nazi. Rabe worked for the Siemens company in Nanking. He was a staunch Nazi. His diaries--entirely private documents--indicate that he thought Hitler was a good man who was unaware of the bad things that happened in the world When the Japanese invaded, the local westerners established the Nanking Safety Zone, where the Japanese would not enter for fear of angering foreign governments. Every day and night, John Rabe went out and saved Chinese. He waded into groups of soldiers and physically threw them off of Chinese. Then he brought the Chinese into the Safety Zone. Rabe confronted Japanese officers. He's estimated to have personally saved tens of thousands. The Japanese fired over his head and jabbed him with bayonets, but he never stopped. Rabe's diaries indicate that he was terrified the entire time. But he said he had to do it, or else he'd die. He was an insulin-dependent diabetic. He defied death on every level. When the Japanese threatened him, he pointed to his Nazi armband and yelled, ""Hitler! What are you going to do?"" Rabe also wrote several impassioned letters to Hitler, begging him to intervene. Of course Hitler didn't. Rabe left Nanking in 1938, taking with him photographic evidence of mind-boggling atrocities. He gave a series of lectures in Germany; as a result, the Gestapo arrested him. When the Gestapo released him, Siemens sent him to Afghanistan for his safety. When he returned to Germany after the war, he was arrested first by the Soviets and then by the British. Because he had been a Nazi, he wasn't allowed to work. He and his wife fell into hand-to-mouth poverty. The people of Nanking sent him food until the communist takeover in 1948. Rabe died in 1950. His story would've been forgotten if it weren't for author Iris Chang. Her book The Rape of Nanking publicized Rabe, but Chang was left so depressed by her research that she committed suicide in 2004. I knew one of her collaborators. He too committed suicide. Although the atrocities that the Japanese committed are indeed beyond comprehension, it's vital to remember that one man saved countless lives, even though he was terrified out of his mind. When I think of Nanking, I think of John Rabe. And when I think of Rabe, I think of his unmatched bravery and selflessness. John Rabe was a light in a world that can be very dark. So I celebrate him rather than give in to the darkness... "
" All right. An object lesson in why strangers should NEVER take sides. Remember this? Now we have another sibling denying everything. And then we go back to the first sibling. This is what Mose writes: His uncle is a convicted child molester. Another uncle committed suicide. Two of Moses's siblings committed suicide. And over everything is the fog of alcoholism. I won't take sides. But I WILL express my loathing of New York Times reporter Nicholas Kristof, who encouraged Dylan Farrow to go public. His piece on all of this indicates that he mercilessly used Dylan Farrow for his own personal gain. She spoke of being in a state of collapse only days before she went public. A caring human being would not have done what Kristof did. Let me give some unsolicited advice to people who have been abused: Predators come in all shapes. Many of the people who tell you that they want to help you? They actually want you to go down in flames. They want you to die, because it's exciting and dramatic. People will mislead you and take advantage of you. They'll lie to you about their intentions and what they have planned for you. The first wave of all of this took place in the early 1980s. Has anything changed? Did anything improve? Some of the people who became famous in the early 1980s for ""exposing"" this actually became providers of victims. And of course we have social-media superstars who lie either to get attention or because they're psychopaths who enjoy infliction. Everyone is under pressure to take sides. ""Nobody believes me!"" Well, why is it necessary for me to believe you? I'm a stranger. My opinion shouldn't matter. I can tell you that if you need belief from strangers, you're going to end up in a very bad place. When even SIBLINGS won't believe you, why is it important for you to convince strangers? This is why I don't take sides. And I would warn everybody that the world can be a merciless place. The people who you think are supporting you are actually just using you. Not always. But very often. Before you go public, ask yourself this: What do I want to happen? Examine your motivation. Be brutally honest with yourself. And THEN make your decision. Going public can have DISASTROUS consequences, especially now. Millions of people will try to make you suffer, as a form of entertainment. So go with your heart. Don't let anyone pressure you to either go public or keep silent. Whatever decision you make is the right one. You need to look out for yourself in this case. It's because nobody else will. Not in THIS arena. They all have agendas..."
" California is EMPTYING the prisons. Also, California is opposed to bail, since it's racist. The ACLU is working on getting rid of money bail first in California and then nationwide. When there's no bail, that's the end of incarceration of criminals. That's what's happened in New Jersey and Washington DC. There's no way to hold people in jail, so they're arresting them five times a day. If you skip out on your hearing or court date, they issue a warrant. But if they manage to arrest you, THEY CAN'T HOLD YOU! Washington DC police chief Cathy L. Lanier quit because there was no reason to try and enforce the law. Crime in New Jersey is skyrocketing because of no money bail. It's already almost here in California. Virtually all repeat offenders are non-white, so there's massive political pressure to let them out. Have you heard about these burglaries of celebrity mansions? It's the Bloods and Crips. They're making as much as $50,000 a day. They hit the mansions so fast that even sirens and alarms don't deter them. And if they're arrested, they just get out and never appear for their trial. has sponsored a bill to get rid of money bail in all of the United States. Lieu wants the entire country to be like Washington DC and New Jersey. In other words, lawless. Leftists are losing everything, so they've adopted a scorched-earth policy as they retreat. I finally agree that leftism is a mental AND moral disorder..."
" asks about Saudi Arabia versus Hezbollah. The Saudis have told Hezbollah to disarm, and they've said they will remove Hezbollah from Lebanese politics. We won't see a conventional war. Hezbollah uses Browning Model 1919 machine guns. Saudi commandos use the Wall of Bullets. This story was published in the summer of 2015. That was when I began seeing Air France Airbus A380s flying the ""JANET"" route over my house to Edwards Air Force Base. My brother took this photo. That summer, four independent eyewitnesses--three were active-duty military--told me that gigantic aerial assaults were rehearsed in the following four places: Apple Valley, California; Las Vegas, Nevada; Killeen, Texas, and Colorado Springs, Colorado. 100+ helicopters and 50+ rotary and fixed-wing gunships. This footage was taken in Syria in the fall of 2015. It shows a turboprop gunship firing TWO automatic cannons. No American gunship has two automatic cannons. Here's who has turboprop gunships with two automatic cannons. Hezbollah ""commandos."" Saudi commandos in combat. They run at unbelievable speeds while covered with massive firepower. If it comes to a shooting war, Hezbollah will lose badly. See, sonventional warfare simply won't work. This level of military infrastructure is unprecedented. The Saudis will use electronic warfare (EW) to prevent Hezbollah from using its arsenal of 120,000 missiles. And all the human shields will be spared. In Iraq and Syria, at LEAST 500,000 human shields were freed. AND WE DON'T KNOW HOW. My best guess is that the Gulf Cooperation Council has tens of thousands of troops who can infiltrate and pass for the locals. So in Lebanon, Hezbollah's weapons will be wrecked, their communications systems hacked, false orders given, and their units infiltrated. The Kurds were CONFUSED out of Kirkuk, without bloodshed. It took the Iraqis less than 15 hours to retake the city. Nobody wanted to KILL Kurds, so the GCC helped. The Kurds themselves can't explain what happened. This was done in Ankara, and it's being done all over Syria. The GCC has the ability to hack into communications systems and order people to give up their positions without a fight. THIS sounds totally insane, I know: Before I tell you what I think, just remember hat the GCC likely gave Israel AT LEAST $5 trillion to develop weapons. It's likely that the GCC has some form of brain-scrambling EW weapon that would be used in combination with hacking into the enemy communications systems. Kirkuk is the best evidence of this. The Kurds simply ran out of the city WITHOUT KNOWING WHY. When my family visited my brother Paul in the hospital in Tyler, Texas, as he recovered from a badly broken leg, something amazing happened. There was a microwave oven in the cafeteria, and every time someone used it, EVERYBODY GOT CONFUSED AND NAUSEATED. My father was a radio operator in the Coast Guard, and he was also a mechanical engineer. He said that the microwave over had a faulty seal. The long-range navigation (LORAN) radio waves that the Coast Guard used had the same effect on the men who crewed the stations. If you stood in exactly the right place, you got CONFUSED and DOCILE. Did you see the videos of the massive underground installations captured intact from the Islamic State? Underground warfare is incredibly violent. But it didn't happen in Iraq. So Hezbollah is a sitting duck. They're going to have their butts handed to them without a massively destructive war. Just watch..."
" MGM is bracing for thousands of lawsuits. They're not going to give up a single legal advantage. The hallways in the hotel have no cameras. Why not? Because people go to Vegas for illicit sexual activity. In divorces, such video would be subpoenaed. The person who was videotaped would then sue the hotel for violating his or her privacy. NOTHING IS BEING HIDDEN. MGM is simply preparing for legal Doomsday..."
" What happens when you complain about the neighbor's illegal roosters in Las Vegas? They call you racist, of course. It turns out that El Hijo bought the property for El Padre. El Padre speaks no English and says that fertilized chicken eggs will cure all illnesses. Unfertilized chicken eggs taste like dirt. I wouldn't know. If El Padre is eating dirt, we have a case of elder abuse, I believe. El Hijo is a prick. So my redheaded brother let him hang himself. After El Hijo tried everything in the book--racism, real men don't call the city,, nobody else is bothered--my brother spoke to him in Spanish. El Hijo and El Padre were shocked. Then my brother played the videos of the rooster screaming like this for the whole day. El Hijo is unstable. He got red in the face, stood up, and began breathing audibly. We were disrespecting his father, you see. So we're going to try carrots and sticks. We're going to offer to pay El Padre to get rid of his roosters. If he refuses, we'll sue him, El Hijo, and the city. It was a nice dream house while it lasted. El Hijo is probably dangerous. This is what happens when you waive all standards for an ethnicity. But. We were already chased from California. So we'll take this as far as it has to be taken. If El Hijo decides that he needs to take up arms in defense of El Padre, then we'll have one of those ridiculous episodes in which one useless turd escalates everything to the point of insanity. We'll make sure that the city pays for its terrible decisions. At some point, you have to stand your ground. We're in the right. The city, El Hijo, and El Padre are in the wrong. It's too bad, but if this is a fight that they all want, they'll get it. They'll wish they hadn't done this..."
" WELL NOW. ""As you know there are meetings going on as we speak in a certain location, which I won't name. Like the location, it's not so far away from here."" So North Koreans are in Washington. Thus we learn that Kim Jong-un IS sincere, and everything will be fine. Trump solved the unsolvable. He had a lot of help, not least from Kim Jong-un. But what does is say, ""Let's try it."" How many world leaders do that? Trump said there's going to be so much winning that we'll get sick of it. NO, MR. PRESIDENT. We need as much winning as you can give us. ""Trump will find out that running a country isn't like running a corporation."" Correct. For President Trump, it's EASIER..."
" This guy debunked ALL conspiracy theories with ONE observation: MGM says that the guard was shot 40 seconds before the murderer began firing at the crowd. In other words, the guard was shot, and then the shooting of the crowd began before the hotel could take action. The police now agree with that timeline. Phone records show that the original timeline was incorrect. It's not possible that Mandalay Bay allowed a gunman to fire from their hotel for six minutes. Both the security guard and an engineer called hotel security and reported that a gunman on the 32nd floor was firing. The phone records show that the hotel DID call the cops. However, the first timeline would have required six minutes of inaction. People have lost the ability to engage in critical thinking. Conspiracy theories are easy. They're for the intellectually lazy. I'll give you an example: Sandy Hook. A lunatic murdered 28 and wounded two more. Sandy Hook Elementary School is in Newtown, Connecticut. The FBI crime statistics for 2012 show no murders in Newtown. Con theorists say this proves that Sandy Hook was a (puke) ""false flag."" No. For one thing, if the government carried out the murders, why wouldn't the murders be reported? But here's the answer: These crime statistics are reported VOLUNTARILY by local cops. The Sandy Hook murders took place on DECEMBER 14, 2012. So the local cops had their hands full by the time the deadline for reporting their crimes rolled around. Can you see how simply human fallibility can lead to misconceptions? Las Vegas is in turmoil on every level. There's no conspiracy. Under the stress, people made mistakes. That's all. Ignore the con theorists. They're horrible people who want to mislead you..."
" asks a question. He's asking about advanced technology used to detect a suicide and stop him before he could enter a base. This is American technology used by Iraqi militia. Although the technology is described in open sources, I won't identify it for two reasons: One, why give the enemy information? And two, it's a virtual certainty that the American technology was tweaked by Israel, passed along to the Gulf Cooperation Council, which then gave it to the Iraqis. The original American technology was designed to work at a distance. As you can see here, the bomb was identified, and the men opened fire at VERY close quarters. This is an empty cartridge case. My guess is that the guards are under some kind of cover. Also, the concrete Jersey barriers are arranged in a specific pattern. The Saudis use psychology as much as anything else to defeat suicide bombers. You can create a space in which you trick the suicide bomber into doing exactly what you want him to do. When we were in Iraq from 2003 to 2011, we in initially concentrated on developing technology to defeat suicide bombers. Then we began using data mining to identify the people who would BECOME suicide bombers. The Saudis took it a step further. The Saudis studied the actual psychology of suicide bombers and determine how to trick them into behaving in such ways that they could be defeated by well-trained guards. All you need is two or three seconds. Al-Qaeda took the idea of suicide bombing to its ultimate depravity by deploying the butt bomb. One of al-Qaeda's most-wanted terrorists contacted Saudi Deputy Minister of the Interior Muhammad bin Nayef and said he wanted to turn himself in. Nayef agreed to meet him in his office. The terrorist was thoroughly searched, but the Saudis hadn't anticipated that the guy would cram a pound of explosives up his butt. He blew himself to pieces--there's horrifying video of the aftermath--but his body took all the blast effect. Nayef was only lightly injured. At that point the Saudis threw all the rules out the window and began using psychology to control the actions of suicide bombers. You channel them into killing zones, basically. It takes tons of training to be able to do this effectively. Four Kurdish cops calmly disarming a teenage suicide bomber. The level of training is unbelievable. AFTERWARDS, the bystanders go nuts. The cops have to keep people from killing the suicide bomber. But that was just melodrama for the camera. The real story is the training of the cops who held the bomber and removed his bomb. I could NEVER do that. So everything is coming together in a cohesive whole. Technology, training, psychology, and cultural maturity. Suicide bombings will stop within the next ten years. Guaranteed..."
" How can I dismiss it? Let me explain. I knew NOTHING about Roy Moore except the Ten Commandments issue. Since I'm not religious, even that didn't interest me much. So why did I become interested in Roy Moore? The reason I became interested in Roy Moore is that I've never seen a man attacked so rabidly by so many forces simultaneously. I myself have been attacked by rabid mobs. My entire life as a student--all the way until I graduated--was spent as the target of mobs. The actor Christopher Walken said about himself, ""I'm naturally foreign."" So am I. This made people want to murder me. The comedy show The Kids in the Hall had a sketch in which a woman was on trial for beating her husband. She said, ""There's just something about him that makes you want to hit him."" The judge said, ""Really? Approach the bench, sir."" ""I don't want to,"" said the husband. ""Sir, this is a court of law. There's nothing to worry about. Please approach the bench."" So the husband walks to the bench. As soon as he gets there, WHACK! The judge hits him with the gavel. ""Wow, you're right!"" he says to the woman. ""I just HAD to to hit him! Case dismissed!"" I laughed at that. I laugh at my own problems. But I don't laugh when OTHERS are torn apart by the mob. So I had to research Roy Moore. I had to see if he'd ever been accused of these things. He's the FIRST PERSON I've ever researched to see for myself if such accusations could be true. The ferocity of the attacks on Roy Moore made me research him. So leftists and the Republican establishment have only themselves to blame for my conclusion: Roy Moore is 100 percent innocent. I dismiss ALL THE ACCUSATIONS because they never surfaced in a forty-year career of the judge making VERY powerful enemies. In 1982, Roy Moore had angered so many people that nobody would admit on the record to knowing him. It was said that being a friend of Roy Moore was hazardous to your health. Then in 2003, Roy Moore became the figurehead of a movement that pushed back VERY HARD against EVEN MORE powerful interests. Moore was SUCCESSFUL in pushing back. In his entire life, nobody had EVER accused Roy Moore of ""preying on"" young women. My research revealed a man of superhuman self-control and discipline. The accusations range from 1977 to 1982. Five years. One accuser says Moore used ninja black-belt butt-grabbing techniques on her in 1991, but she was 28 at the time, a mother of three. You can't have it both ways. If Moore is an ephebophile--attracted to teenagers--he would never ina million years go after a 28-year-old mother of three. Also, Moore didn't marry until he was 41 years old. There are no accusations of ""preying on"" teenagers before 1977 or after 1982. And remember: The accusations show a man behaving like an animal. Such men can't stop. Each accusation has fatal flaws, and all the accusations together have a fatal flaw: The man has ZERO HISTORY of this behavior. Old newspaper articles have his West Point classmates and members of the army ribbing him for being--I don't use the word lightly--superhuman in his self-control and dedication to doing the right thing. THAT is on the record. Those old articles can't be changed. What was NEVER on the record was even a HINT of impropriety or criminal behavior toward woman. Therefore I don't believe ANY of the accusers. Leftists and the Republican establishment are the reason why I researched Roy Moore. The attack on him was SO beyond the pale that I had to see for myself if the accusations were true. I dismiss the accusations because I know NOTHING about the accusers. But I have FORTY YEARS of Roy Moore's records to examine. Roy Moore's PROVEN RECORD outweighs accusations that he was such a threat to the entire city that the police had to keep an eye on him. Because THAT is what they're saying. They're saying that Roy Moore was banned and kept under surveillance. It's a rambling fantasy from a five-year-old. The accusations debunked themselves. Blame the accusers for telling me things that I could not in a million years believe..."
" Erdogan needs another lesson on how to be a good neighbor. ""In a sign of mounting tensions in the region, two other US defense officials told CNN Friday that Turkish backed rebels near Manbij, Syria are regularly firing on US military patrols and that US forces occasionally return fire."" This is what happened the last time Turkey mounted an offensive. As a result, the Turks used their tanks as stationary artillery. That's a total waste of tanks. A tank is supposed to be a weapon of assault. During the Battle of Mosul, the Iraqis created ""combined arms micro teams."" One tank, one bulldozer, one gunship, one infantry squad, one antitank squad, and one sniper squad. The Turks haven't been trained in the new form of warfare. This is Erdogan's problem: He's never satisfied. Whatever you agree to, he immediately demands more. The Turkish-backed rebels are a rabble. Rebel-rabble! That's why we haven't killed them. They can't hit the broad side of a barn. If the Turks begin a major ground offensive, they'll have their asses kicked, but it won't be publicized. It happened in Iraq. Did you know that? Do you know WHY Erdogan demanded a role in the Mosul operation? The endlessly destructive Obama administration. Of course. The Turks said they would ignore Iraq's desires and attack Mosul on their own. Guess what happened? The Turks began LYING about their role in Mosul. ""Despite Iraq’s rejection of the claim that Turkish troops are participating in the Mosul operation, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said Turkish artillery fire has killed 17 Islamic State (ISIS) militants."" ""'Since the beginning of the Mosul assault, the number of terrorists killed by our forces with howitzers, artillery and tanks has almost reached 20. They killed 17 terrorists,' Cavusoglu said."" ""Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on Monday rejected the claim that Turkish troops have participated in the Mosul operation."" ""During a meeting with Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven on Monday (October 24), Abadi said Turkish troops have not participated in the Mosul operation and statements which claim they have done so are 'baseless and incorrect.'"" There's no evidence that Turkey had anything to do with Mosul. It appears that they TRIED, but then they stopped. My guess is that they suffered significant losses in a very short period of time, and then they were reduced to lying. See, in this NEW era, there are soldiers who blow the absolute hell out of people and NEVER TAKE CREDIT. What, after all, is a ""diplomatic crisis""? It's people yapping. If Turkey says, ""Here we come, Iraq. Screw you!"" and then ten of their tanks explode and a wall of bullets cuts down their troops, BUT NOBODY SAYS A WORD, what's Turkey going to do? Iraq and the US say, ""Wasn't us. Let us know if you work it out, Erdo."" Erdogan calls Saudi Arabia, and the Saudis say, ""Who, US? Don't be ridiculous. We're just a bunch of oil sheiks. Wanna buy some oil?"" So what can Erdogan do? I LOVE the new warfare. It's SMART. We're not sweating this. What does that tell you...?"
" How insane are American conspiracy theorists? How many videos are there of the mass shooting? They all show ten rounds per second, but the firing rate is irregular. There's no doubt whatsoever that it's a device used to make a semiautomatic rifle fire as rapidly as a machine gun. We have dozens of videos, we have photos, and we have ZERO EVIDENCE of anything other than one loonie with many guns. YouTube shows just how insane people are. As always, the government conspirators make elementary mistakes that people with an IQ of 49 can catch. ""Less strafe with helicopter gunships! NOBODY WILL NOTICE!"" While many of us continue to make absolute braying jackasses of ourselves, this is what happened in Egypt. The Islamic state attacked a mosque and killed 305 people. Thirty terrorists surrounded the mosque in jeeps. Then they went inside. First they set off an explosive device, and then they fired on worshipers. They blocked the doors and windows, firing until 305 people were dead. There's no video of this. In Las Vegas, we have an open-and-shut case. Video, photos, eyewitnesses, police radio traffic. So what do too many Americans do? They lose their minds. In Egypt, the terrorists killed five times as many people. But Egyptians accept that it happened, because they're RATIONAL. The American lust for conspiracy theories is PATHOLOGICAL. It is NOT NORMAL for so many people to see conspiracies around every corner. If the conspiracy theorists are right, it means that there was NEVER mass shooting in the US, and there was NEVER a terrorist attack, and NO AIRLINER ever crashed. Is it likely that there was never a single mass shooting carried out by a nutter all by himself? Is it likely that the US has never suffered a single terrorist attack? Madness is catching. I used to think that people could compartmentalize their dysfunction. For example, you could be a perfectly fine person who happened to think that 9/11 was an inside job. Now I realize that belief in conspiracy theories is a spectrum disorder. If you believe in conspiracy theories, you have TONS OF OTHERS THINGS WRONG WITH YOU. This is not sane. Nor is this. People who claim to believe this horse manure AREN'T EVEN BOTHERED BY IT. ""They mowed down with a helicopter! I'm hungry. Think I'll have some nachos."" NONE OF THIS IS REAL TO THESE PEOPLE. They live in a movie or computer game. They're as crazy as the people who commit these atrocities. If we are indeed going to make America great again, we need to STOP THIS MADNESS. You can't simultaneously playact and think something is real. That form of dualism is TOTALLY INSANE. It's binary: If you want to be great, you can't be insane. That's all there is to it. The choice is yours..."
" Aha! Pay attention, Hezbollah. The Saudis have infiltrated the Houthi movement to its highest levels. THEN the secret documents were circulated and analyzed. NO LEAKS. ""Part of the documents, publicized by the Yemeni armed forces' press center, revealed a state of collapse in the militia’s frontlines, more importantly on the military and security fronts in various areas in Yemen."" ""The study that was created on August 22nd, 2017 also revealed that the militia has suffered great losses in their combat fighter training units."" ""The document added that most of the trainers were killed on battlefronts around Yemen, making the militia in strong need to train more fighters."" ""The documents also revealed significant human losses on battlefronts which the militia is trying to keep secret. However, the document said that the losses are easily thousands of militiamen on fronts including Bihan and Naham."" ""Their field commanders have mostly been killed or wounded, as well as reports of mismanagement in various aspects. Civilians have been placed in leadership posts with no qualifications and a maximum Secondary level education, the documents also said."" Kill the field commanders, kill the trainers, infiltrate the ranks, spread disinformation, and make everyone suspicious of everyone else. I started theorizing in 2015 that this is how the Gulf Cooperation Council fought. Finally we have the proof. This is why I block people who insult me, even if they claim to be veterans. You can disagree with me all you want. But you have to BASE IT ON SOMETHING. ""You're wrong because f*ck you"" is not an argument. So yes, the Gulf Cooperation Council DOES have super-soldiers. As I've been saying since June of 2015. They know how to win. WE need to learn from THEM..."
" Why is the West in decline? Because its ""intellectuals"" are working hard to undermine us. ""The most dangerous possibility at the moment is therefore hardline US officials authorising some kind of pre-emptive strike to prevent North Korea from completing work on its nuclear-armed ICBM."" This is the narrative: Everything would be fine with Iran and North Korea if only Trump weren't president. The GOOD news is that these ""intellectuals"" have been bypassed by technology. They know NOTHING. It's now possible for the US--with help from our Arab allies--to destroy the offensive capabilities of hostile nations without war or massive casualties. Trump is making ALL his enemies think ONE THING will happen, but in reality, ANOTHER THING will happen. So again, the voices from the old, dead past don't matter. They stopped learning over thirty years ago. Everything that matters happened between 2006 and 2015. THAT is the period that people should look at. But they won't. So they'll be caught flatfooted. Ha. "
" The British Labour party shows you the wrong way to handle terrorists. ""Full proscription could be a move against dialogue and meaningful peace negotiations in the Middle East."" In 2004, Bashar al-Assad and the Iranians trained and equipped terrorists to attack US troops in Iraq. According to John Bolton, Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld and Vice President Chaney wanted to hit the training camps and bomb factories. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice talked Bush out of it. she used the same argument: ""Taking military action against Syria and Iran will harm our prospects of meaningful dialog in the peace process."" This idea is insane. I admit that the US invasion of Iraq was not the correct thing to do, but we were operating under western idées fixe. At the time, we lacked the vision of , so we couldn't perceive a different approach. I include myself as a one of those suffering from western idées fixe. I didn't understand the reality that the US can't impose anything from the outside. The best approach is the Trump Doctrine: We HELP, but clandestinely and only when asked. The locals do the heavy lifting. But since we were already OCCUPYING Iraq, it's unforgivable that we didn't defend our troops. Assad and Iran were not interested in a ""peace process,"" as they showed by killing our troops. There's an unconfirmed story out there, but I'm sure it's true. The Iranians built something called an ""explosively formed penetrator"" (EFP). These things are simple, but they're VERY hard to build. You need the exact amount of explosive and the exact thickness of copper cone. They cut through armor like a knife through hot butter. What was our response? ""Gunners' pants."" Try and find a picture of it. The armored trousers weren't to protect against EFPs. They were designed to keep all the parts of the gunner's legs in one place so that they could be reassembled at the hospital. So the story is that after THREE YEARS of EFPs, the British went into Iran, killed all the EFP makers, blew up their factories, killed the EFP runners, and killed all the Iranian commanders responsible for getting EFPs into Iraq. The British weren't worried about the Iranians' peaceful intentions. NOW, the British are worried that if they call a terrorist organization a terrorist organization, the terrorists will stomp off in a huff. Well, luckily there are OTHERS who don't worry about Hezbollah's feelings. Instead, these OTHERS simply kill Hezbollah commanders, financiers, gun runners, and drug smugglers. See, the OTHERS understand something that the British refuse to accept: When people do certain things, you no longer have to worry about their feelings. The OTHERS will immediately stop and sit down with Hezbollah over tea and baklava THE SECOND THAT HEZBOLLAH ceases engaging in terrorist activity. Hezbollah is holding Britain hostage: ""If you call us terrorists, we won't do the things that we'd never planned on doing anyway!"" The people who are killing Hezbollah commanders are dealing with the problem at hand: terrorism. ""Peace negotiations"" are something we can all dream about, but for now, Hezbollah wants to fight. So the OTHERS are giving Hezbollah the fight it wants, and Hezbollah commanders are dropping like flies. My guess is that a hell of a lot of other stuff is happening clandestinely. After all, Trump is arming the Lebanese army. The ""experts"" tell us that the Lebanese army is controlled by Hezbollah. Trump wouldn't arm Hezbollah. And there's one more factor. The weapons we're giving the Lebanese army are the same weapons in the Saudi arsenal. AND the Lebanese army recently changed its uniform to a pattern worn by Saudi Special Forces. So if the Lebanese army carries out operations against Hezbollah, who will actually be using the weapons? We won't know, because the Lebanese army has been made physically identical to the Saudi army. And air force. So while Britain dithers, OTHERS act. With incredible audacity..."
" Look what WE'VE figured out. ""With Flynn awaiting sentencing, some lawmakers are trying to figure out what occurred between the time Comey told Congress the FBI did not believe Flynn lied and the time, several months later, when Flynn pleaded guilty to just that."" ""None of those congressional investigators has an answer; they're baffled by the turn of events. But they know they find the Flynn case troubling, from start to finish."" He had to get INTO THE CORRUPT SYSTEM in order to get the evidence. NOBODY could conceive of a person would sacrificing so much for the country. And THAT is how the general did it. It wasn't a suicide mission, but it's as close to one as you can get without losing your life. AND nobody asked him to do it, AND he didn't tell anyone. It was HIS idea. He did it for US. The reason congressional investigators can't figure it out is because they aren't Michael Flynn. I studied him thoroughly, so I can see that this sacrifice is entirely in character. It WORKED. The whole rotten structure is coming down. We absolutely owe President Trump more than we can say. BUT. Nobody's EVER done anything as audacious and painful and General Flynn. He is the definition of a patriot. He devised the ONLY WAY to get evidence that can't be refuted. It cost him almost everything. But he did it anyway. Amazing... "
" Kim Jong-un told the South Koreans that he will completely denuclearize on two conditions: The US declare the war over, and the US promise to not attack North Korea. As Trump would say, ""DEAL!"" Kim told the South Koreans that he wants Trump to see him as a leader who would never attack Sooth Korea, Japan, or the US. ""I'm not the kind of man who would start a war,"" he said. (This is all in the New York Times.) We have lots of negotiating to do. What people don't understand is that someone like Kim would APPRECIATE a tough negotiation. And at the end of it, I predict that Trump will thank him and give him all the credit. For the first time EVER, a North Korean leader can be a statesman. And THAT is something that NO leader could resist. Whoever wrote that stupid article is unaware that we had secret meetings with the North Koreans for MONTHS. Trump and Mattis used North Korean rhetoric. The North Koreans appreciated THAT. I'm sure that crappy writer is unaware of the role that the Korean Peoples' Army (KPA) played in keeping the Kims in line. The Kim family HAS no Praetorian Guard. The mullahs have the IRGC and the Basij. I'm quite sure that the right people went to see God, and then Kim Jong-un could use the education he got in SWITZERLAND. He's capable of individual initiative. Trump is COVERING for the two Korean leaders. He's taking the pressure off them. This is the first time EVER that a North Korean leader had to do some real horse trading. So Trump is DISTRACTING in order to give this new relationship a chance to grow in privacy. Here's the genius of this whole deal: KIM initiated it, so automatically he's in the driver's seat and is not required to jump through humiliating hoops. In fact HE gets to make demands of TRUMP. A hell of a lot of thought went into this. Trump turned ALL conventional wisdom on its head and showed it to be worthless. North Korean propaganda has already committed the country to this. Trump found the key. An amazing man. He can read EVERYBODY..."
" demonstrates the art of the non-apology apology. First he wrote this. Then he deleted that tweet and wrote this. His non-apology is worse than the original comment. Some of you may remember than I recently said some insulting things about people who believe in Qanon. What happened was that I realized that what I was saying was WRONG. As in, NOT TRUE and NOT THE MORAL THING TO DO. So I didn't say, ""Look what they made me do, those racist gaslighters!"" I said, ""This was all MY OWN DOING, and I'm SORRY for saying these things."" And it's true. People follow Qanon in good faith, so whether I agree or disagree, it's not right to insult them. But as I pointed out, I'm not a nice person, and I say things that I later regret. Again, this is ME, not anybody else. thinks he's the nicest person in the world, so that gives him the right to be a giant a-hole. That's how these people think. He's superior, so he gets to say whatever he wants. I KNOW I'm not superior. The proof is insulting an entire group of people because of my own issues. What I did was to say that I'll avoid the Qanon issue, because I'm not actually fit to talk about it, for millions of different reasons. Try to get a leftist to admit that about themselves. Never happen. The fatal flaw of leftism is that it makes leftists think they're flawless. They BEGIN with rage and hate. I don't HATE those who believe Qanon. But. If I go off on rampages, then it sure LOOKS like I hate them, doesn't it? And whose fault would THAT be? Mine, of course. If somebody says, ""Look what they made me do!"" it means he isn't sorry in the least. Only ""I'm sorry for what I said. It was wrong to say that"" can be accepted as a true apology..."
" On June 22, 2008, six active-duty Mexican soldiers shot and killed Andrew Williams in his home in Phoenix. Three soldiers escaped, but three were arrested and charged with first-degree murder. Manuel Garcia-Trejo, Daniel Garcia-Saenz, and Rodolfo Madrigal Lopez. I remember this when it happened. The cops were Iraq War veterans, so they saw that the Mexicans were preparing an ambush. The cops were able to avoid the trap, and the Mexicans surrendered after they ran out of ammunition. They had their army IDs. I can find no information on what happened. Since Bush was the president, my guess is the murderers were quietly returned to Mexico for trial, and they were promptly released. During the Bush's two terms, the Mexican army made hundreds of incursions into the US. Nothing was ever done to stop them. When it comes to Mexicans, George W. Bush is completely insane. He had a beloved Mexican nanny who told him about her dreadful trek across the desert. I read that any Mexican could get a job from Bush if they told him a hard-luck story. He'd burst into tears and help them out..."
" Edward had no faith. Though a devout Catholic, he panicked when his time came. His religion teaches that one achieves salvation through remorse for wrongdoing. All can be forgiven, if the remorse is genuine. But he only paid lip service to faith. He died in terror. For no reason..."
" How the government uses conspiracy theorists to hide the truth. Jade Helm 15 was the ""largest special-operations exercise in US history."" When the US military released details of the exercise in April of 2015, conspiracy theorists went insane. Grim men invoked the Bible in protest. Alex Jones had a field day. I'm 55. Every president in my lifetime has been accused of preparing to impose martial law. Virtually nobody who FEARS martial law understands the circumstances under which it could be imposed. Article 1, Section 9 of the US Constitution shows that nationwide martial law will never be imposed. ""The privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when in Cases of..."" ""Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it."" If we have a nationwide uprising, or if we're invaded, then we may see martial law. Otherwise, no dice. Back to Jade Helm 15. The military did almost nothing to tamp down the hysteria. The reality was that 1200 troops were deployed to eight states. That's all. This guy wasted his time. These guys tried to start their own war, because of Jade Helm. Jade Helm lasted from July 15, 2015, to September 15, 2015. Guess what happened during that period? SOMEBODY carried out live-fire rehearsals for the largest aerial assaults in the history of warfare. In the American Southwest. Before Jade Helm started, my brother and I noticed Air France Airbus A30s flying toward the Nevada National Security Site. Tim took a photo of one. This is the route it was flying. This is the JANET route. The route is reserved for US Air Force passenger planes that carry workers to ""black operations."" Area 51, Tonopah Test Range, etc. These are the nine Air France Airbus A380 routes. They don't fly directly over my house. Only JANET does. The only airport in the Southwest that can handle the Airbus A380 is Edwards Air Force Base. In the summer of 2015, four independent eyewitnesses told me of seeing massive nocturnal exercises involved 100+ helicopters. Three of my witnesses were active-duty military. Here's where four exercises--REHEARSALS--took place: Apple Valley, California; Colorado Springs, Colorado; Las Vegas, Nevada, and Killeen, Texas. All four areas are arid and mountainous, and they have one thing in common. Abandoned hard-rock mines. The troops were rehearsing aerial assaults of underground installations. At the time, I thought that Obama had to have approved these rehearsals. Now, I think it's possible that he was hoodwinked. There's nothing ILLEGAL about withholding details of exercises from the president and the Secretary of Defense. All four of my eyewitnesses said that the helicopter gunships were not American, and they had unbelievable firepower. These rehearsals DID happen. I have the evidence. It's hovering right over my house. And it's flying a route reserved for the US Air Force. The SECRET part of the US Air Force. Has Alex Jones every told you about something of this magnitude? No. Never. Not once. As I said last night, don't automatically think everything you hear is true, and don't take the true things at face value. Just relax. All good things to those who wait..."
" Here's something I should address. I knew would win. Knew it in my bones. The writer Stephen Crane is most known for his novel ""The Red Badge of Courage."" But Crane also wrote utterly brilliant, eerie, unearthly poetry. Think of a topic, and Crane wrote a poem about it. He died at 28 of tuberculosis. Suffering can make you see things more clearly. It isn't the actual SUFFERING but rather the way you cope with it. Crane's poems have no titles. This one hit me like a sledgehammer. It's very simple: Trump has filled the sky with armies. It's all real. AT LAST, the world will be what we always wanted it to be. So there's no need to be afraid. Everything is under control. All will be well. I promise."
" I've been telling everybody about the infiltration skills of commando units created by the Gulf Cooperation Council. Look at this. A total Brit, huh? I mean, he SCREAMS Britishness, doesn't he? SURPRISE! He's incredibly fit, and everyone was giggling as he spoke to the interviewer. His Arabic sounded native to me, but look at his stance. How many Syrian civilian men stand like that when speaking? My guess is that the Gulf Cooperation Council has men and women who can pass for any nationality. I can't get over how BRITISH that guy looks... ADDENDUM: The interview took place at a resort in Syria that's reopened for business. The resort owner said that it's a dangerous trip, but people make it. Do you think those Syrians have protection? I do... ADDENDUM TWO: reminds of the name of this stance: ""At ease."" The countries that comprise the Gulf Cooperation Council-- --have a huge number of non-Arabs working there. Many were born there. I've read that many more of these people are being granted citizenship. I'm sure that citizenship would be granted in exchange for military service. This is the UAE Presidential Guard, their strategic commandos. Note the name tag in English. All the others are in Arabic. "
" Well, let me see if I can explain what happens to people like Layne Staley. I was once deeply in love with a woman who hated me for loving her. My attraction ended when I figured her out. She went out of her way to attract me. I met her when I was visiting another person. The person I was visiting decided that it was good time to have a mental collapse, so I didn't see much of her. When I met this other woman, we spent the first night talking in the kitchen. We had all the same interests. She was VERY funny, and she looked exactly like Audrey Hepburn. I've never hit on a woman in my entire life. All my relationships began as friendships. So even though she was a knockout, I wasn't on the make. When I said I was going to go back to LA, she asked me to stay. We ended up spending two weeks together. All we did was talk, cook, and see the sights. One night we were cooking, and I looked to see her gazing at me with what appeared to be incredible affection. But she was a dancer who had body issues. She hated the fact that every man she met instantly tried to get her into bed. So even after two weeks, we were still just buds. I went home, and she went to the East Coast. We wrote and called for 18 months. It was a courtship. Finally she invited me out, after telling me that as she sat on her back porch watching the fireflies, she wished I were there. So I drove all the way across the country. When I got there, she hated me. Totally hostile, cold, snarky. Then I met her dad. His wide weighed 400 pounds, and they had 200 photos of the dancer daughter all over the walls. The biggest photo was over the fireplace. She was doing the splits. I knew what was going on, so I immediately left. You simply can't save people like that. They have a need to punish you for loving anything about them. Being loved requires that you live up to certain expectations. If you hate yourself, then you'll hate the person who loves you or your talent. I made the terrible mistake of befriending the greatest electric bassist who ever lived. It was the same dynamic. He ended up hating me for loving his talent. The final sad fact is that they take pleasure in the pain you endure as they wreck themselves. They can't be saved. The only people who can be saved are those who refuse to make others suffer. It's tough as hell to let go of the doomed and watch them sink into the blackness, but if you don't, they'll take you down. Layne Staley died surrounded by toys. He wasn't found for six weeks. To be frank, it's a ridiculous way to go. But he got no pleasure from singing so brilliantly. When they can't accept another person's love, it means you have to let them go. The problem too is immaturity. I was in this room. It just had to be done. It wasn't the end of the world. And now they're all dead. They won't get to see the Era of Trump. I never expected ANY of what Trump has done...and he's just getting started. The last person I think about when I'm in Twitter is me. Artists find it hard to stop thinking only in terms of the self. You know what I found incredibly funny and moving today? This. To me, this is art on a level of all the movies and songs I love... "
" Let's go over this again. THIS image was taken head on. THIS image was taken from the side. The LIGHT is reflecting off of the ink. The ink that LOOKS blue is actually black. It's DIFFERENT ink than the ORIGINAL ink. Therefore it reflects light differently. This is a German Albatros D.III fighter as it left the factory. The national insignia are crosses painted in black and white. The German government issued the paint for the crosses. This is the Albatros D.III of Joachim von Bertrab. For years, historians thought that the fuselage was a different color than the cross borders. It turns out that the fuselage and the cross borders were both black. Von Bertrab had the fuselage covered with cheap paint that he bought himself, and then he had the crosses repainted with the government-issue paint. See how the border of the cross is visible ONLY in the area where light is reflected off the fuselage? The ground crew used CHEAP paint on the fuselage and EXPENSIVE paint on the cross borders. Both the fuselage AND the cross borders are black, but two different pains were used. Therefore the cross border and fuselage reflect light differently. My guess is that THIS reflection was a one-in-a-million chance. The light, the angle, and the moment the shutter clicked were all PERFECT. Maybe Judge Moore got a little help..."
" gives me a chance to put things in a different way. Have you ever seen a horror movie where the hero or heroine is creeping along, and a cat jumps out? Everyone screams, but it was just a cat. Well, what always happens next? Right. The monster or psycho pops out. The fake scare is to release tension and make you think everything is all right. Then comes the REAL scare. Did you ever see Alfred Hitchcock explain REAL fear? It's different from the cat jumping out, but it has a similar impact. Hitchcock said that if you have a man and a woman at a table, and bomb explodes, the audience jumps, and then it's over. So Hitchcock said that what HE does is SHOW the bomb under the table with the fuse burning, and the man and woman don't know. So the audience is FAR more afraid and wrapped up in the movie than they would be if a hidden bomb suddenly went off. So the Nunes memo is REAL, but it's also a cat jumping out, and it's a bomb under the table with the fuse burning. All of that is for us, the audience. The Democrats and the press are in the audience too. They just don't know it. The final piece of the puzzle is that Trump has manipulated ALL of his opponents into going on the record defending Mueller. As far as the Democrats are concerned, Mueller is above reproach. Mueller asked that Michael Flynn not be sentenced yet. That means that Mueller found a problem with the FISA warrants. Both Muller and Horowitz have expanded their investigations--without anyone really being aware of it. WHY aren't people aware of it? Because of this and everything else like it. ""Raving Donald"" fooled them all again, effortlessly. See, Trump studied failure. The failure of presidencies. So he gamed out EVERY POSSIBLE EVENTUALITY. He began addressing them while still campaigning. I knew Trump would win. I put it in writing. If I knew Trump would win, he obviously knew too. So he began setting traps while he was still campaigning. This whole Mueller-Nunes things is actually quite straightforward. The way Trump defeated the Soros-Stein recount was UN-believable. But I'm too tired to go through it again. Just think of all of this as an Alfred Hitchcock movie. Trump is Cary Grant. He'll outwit the villains and get the girl, so have no fears. All will be well..."
" Little by little, Democrats are forced to give up their lies. We're getting closer to the truth. The unit WAS on an Advise and Assist (A&A) mission. Now, we're told that the unit was ordered to assist a SECOND unit that was on a capture-or-kill mission. I still don't believe it, because the RULES OF ENGAGEMENT prohibit Americans from taking part in combat in Niger. But now we're told that the terrorist abandoned his camp, and the ambushed team's NEW MISSION was canceled. As you can see, the story is changing day by day. ALL the accusations of incompetence are being stripped away. The REASON this is happening is that Trump emphatically denied ordering the mission. In the past, an American president would would've said, ""As commander-in-chief, I take full responsibility."" That was the trap set by Trump's enemies. He refused to fall into it, so now the entire litany of accusations is being exposed as lies. My guess is that the team was on a routine A&A mission, and they were ambushed. Such things happen in war. This is a French mission: Operation Barkhane. The French provide the intelligence. If the terrorists fled from Mali and the French didn't know, it's nobody's fault. But we're getting closer to the truth. The reason is that President Trump FOUGHT BACK HARD. Always defend yourself, . When you fight back, your enemies ALWAYS slink away in defeat."
" Let's debunk the notion that nuclear weapons make a country invulnerable. Remember this? THIS was the target. Pakistan is a nuclear power. Next. ""Tunnel collapse"" killed the entire nuclear-weapons team. North Korea is a nuclear power. Next. Those ""mercenaries"" are Russian soldiers, as Mattis well knows. Russia is a nuclear power. Nuclear weapons are only a deterrent if you're willing to use them. AND if you use them on US, we will remove your country from the face of the earth. As Trump has shown, nuclear weapons are NOT a deterrent. TO HIM. We won't be making any 180-degree turns, regardless of what Twitter users say..."
" As long as a person PAYS LIP SERVICE to leftist ideals, he or she can do whatever they want. Michael Moore owns stock in weapons-manufacturing companies. Alec Baldwin's first insult of choice was to call someone gay--but using all the OTHER words. Leonardo DiCaprio has the carbon footprint of a city. And how many leftist politicians, entertainers, producers, directors, and journalists have been fired in the past two months? I've said this before, but it bears repeating: I'd never seen the ferocity of the accusations made against . Therefore I researched him. I've published seven books that required MASSIVE research, so I can find anything. The only person--aside from my brother--who I can say for sure did not commit immoral or illegal acts against girls and women is Roy Moore. And THAT is based on DAYS of research. You can research him back to his childhood. It's grotesque to see leftists lumping Roy Moore in with all the DEMOCRATS who were put in catapults and fired out of the building. I just heard Al Franken rambling on about how his INITIAL statement of...whatever...had misled people into thinking he was guilty. So NOW Al is saying that he did nothing wrong, ever, and he DIDN'T let people down, and he HAS nothing to learn...but he's resigning anyway. You know what drove me crazy about John McCain in 2008? He did and said inexplicable things and then blew up when you asked him what in tarnation was going on. ""When I stand on my left foot and rotate my hips in a counterclockwise direction and knock my elbows together, it means I'm charge, see? SO SHUT UP!"" just did a McCain. He said it's STRANGE that self-confessed guilty people are tossed out, while those who say they're innocent don't act like they're guilty. Here's some unsolicited commentary for the Democrats: When you have to EXPLAIN YOUR LOGIC, it means you've lost the battle. is doing what I MYSELF would do if I were innocent. He's fighting back. Roy Moore did not issue multiple incoherent, contradictory statements that attacked others, and he did not proclaim innocence while BEHAVING LIKE A GUILTY MAN. I've watched ONE Roy Moore campaign appearance. Here he is discussing the accusations against him. He's very SAD. At that moment, he was saying, ""Things have happened that never happened in my life."" He's haunted by what was done to him. I challenge everyone to watch videos of the many other men who have RESIGNED or been FIRED, and find me SADNESS. Roy Moore could not believe that people would lie so blatantly. And it makes him sad. BUT. As I learned from researching him, the judge is man of superhuman power and discipline. The lies didn't break him. Which would've been harder for Roy Moore: stepping aside or continuing ahead? Who was there to defend him? Who BELIEVED HIM? I've heard it said that it's ""despicable"" to defend yourself against lies. Judge Moore, you and I are thus ""despicable."" I don't care what they say. They LIE. And unlike DEMOCRATS, Judge Moore had HIS OWN PARTY against him. HE HIMSELF turned this around. It became clear that HE IS INNOCENT. The Republican party has its problems, as we all know. But they DON'T give people a pass for simply mouthing the correct words. That's the OTHER party..."
" Let's go into this a little. The reality may surprise you. Yes, the Saudis paid American politicians a lot of money. But the reality is that this was a protection racket run by American politicians. Why do you suppose the next king is cutting off the funds? Because the money was being EXTORTED. The Saudis weren't BRIBING our politicians. The Saudis were paying our politicians to not mess up Saudi Arabia. In exchange for this protection money, Saudis with extremist views were allowed to provide the curricula for Muslim schools. But. The money was to make sure that our politicians didn't do things that threatened Saudi national security. The common perception of Saudi Arabia is people with so much money that they're safe from everything. In reality, the Saudis were so vulnerable that they agreed to demands made by the radicals who seized the Grand Mosque in 1979. NOW, the Saudis have the ability to STOP paying the protection money, which is why the Crown Prince is doing so. In the past, Saudi Arabia was in many ways an American protectorate. This isn't a healthy relationship. In August of 2015, General Anwar Eshki gave a long interview to the Wall Street Journal. HE laid out everything that Saudi Arabia would do. And the Saudis are DOING what the general said they'd do. The general said that the Middle East will no longer be a place where world powers use proxies against each other. Saudi Arabia will be a friend to the US, Russia, and China. Unspoken by the general but DEFINITELY implied was, ""The US will no longer dictate to Saudi Arabia."" Because that's what we did. THEY didn't control us; WE controlled them. The Saudi Crown Prince is going to lead the ENTIRE MIDDLE EAST into an era of self-sufficiency and stability. They won't choose sides. They won't allow us to force them to do so. ""Realpolitik"" is heartless. The US must never again be heartless..."
" All dictators attack their own people. Putin murders Russians without a second's hesitation. The mullahs murder Iranians. The North Koreans, Chinese, and Belorussians murder their own people. So the first thing you have to do is stop pretending that Assad would never attack his own people. He stays in power by attacking his own people. Why would he use gas? Because aerial and artillery bombardment wasn't working. Douma has too many underground shelters. So Assad used gas, and it worked. The rebels are finally leaving. The gas attack happened Saturday, April 7. The rebels agreed to the deal on Sunday, April 8. This was after SEVEN WEEKS of bombardment. Assad has never paid a price for using gas. The American attack on Shayrat Air Base was a warning that Assad ignored. I'm surrounded by Bashar al-Assads. They have barking dogs, geese, and parties with live music. All totally illegal. But the city refuses to enforce the laws. These people have never paid a price, so they continue their behavior. ONE Reuters report told me why Assad gassed his people. It has all the facts. In a single report. It's time for people to start ignoring conspiracy theorists in earnest. They are poisoning your minds. NONE OF THIS is hard to figure out..."
" Here's what I think is NOT happening: This next part is indeed happening. ""The Iranians are coasting into the Middle East undisturbed and with very large forces, in a way that virtually creates an air and land corridor that pours fighters into the region in order to actualize the Iranian vision."" I seem to be the only person outside of Israel and the GCC countries who put two and two together. ""The IDF approached the conclusion of a weeklong drill simulating conflict on multiple fronts, including the Israel Air Force practicing striking of large numbers of targets and simulating conflict in northern combat arenas."" ""In the event of a new conflict with Hezbollah, the IDF would seek to evacuate more than a million civilians in south Lebanon within 24 hours."" Impossible. It's simply not physically possible to evacuate 1.5 million people in 24 hours, regardless of the methods used. So what WAS that week-long drill in 2015? Here's another clue. The Israelis are clearing minefields in the Golan Heights. What's happening in the Golan Heights? ""Iran may attempt to leave militias in general, and Hezbollah in particular, in the Golan Heights for the sake of establishing a new front with Israel."" That's EXACTLY what's happening. The Syrians, Iranians, Hezbollah, and the rest of the militias are on the verge of violating the 1974 Agreement on Disengagement between Israel and Syria. There's a buffer zone between the forces that must remain free of troops. Iran has calculated that Israel won't preemptively attack. The Iranians will launch a rapid ground assault to take back the Golan Heights. Hezbollah's missiles will be the threat that contains Israel. And of course Iran is looking in the wrong direction. That Israeli exercise in 2015 WAS NOT a dry run for evacuating 1.5 million Lebanese in 24 hours. See, I finally figured out what THIS was. In the summer of 2015, Air France Airbus A380s began flying over my house. That's a restricted route. It's the JANET route. JANET = Just Another Non Existent Terminal. It's the US Air Force ""airline"" that takes workers to and from the Nevada National Security Site. But Edwards Air Force Base is along the route. Edwards is the only place where an A380 could land. They need special runways to take the size and weight. So in the summer of 2015, Air France A380s came in from the Pacific and flew the JANET route over my house, and my brother took this photo. Later that summer, I learned that MASSIVE air assaults were rehearsed in the American Southwest--at exactly the time Jade Helm was held. Remember Jade Helm 15? Alex Jones said it was the end of the world. A total of 1200 American troops took part in Jade Helm. The air assaults? Over 100 helicopters each. Over fifty gunships each. Apple Valley, California; Colorado Springs, Colorado; Las Vegas, Nevada; and Killeen, Texas. Three of my four independent eyewitnesses were active-duty military. They said the helicopters were not American. They had UNBELIEVABLE firepower. I thought that the air assaults were training for Iran. Now, I realize that Iran won't need military action. The air assaults were training for Hezbollah and the other militias heading for Israel. My eyewitnesses said that the tracer fire looked like a freeway at night. It was a constant drumming noise of cannons and heavy machine guns as troop transports landed, took off, landed, took off. All night. Getting that muscle memory down. THAT is why the Israelis are not worried. I hope it doesn't happen, actually. I don't want to see miles and miles of blown-apart corpses. But what will be, will be. The mullahs have free will. And they have no bloody clue what they're up against... ADDENDUM: This is ONE MH-60L DAP (Direct Air Penetrator). My military eyewitnesses said that there were 50+ gunships, each with more firepower than the MH-60L DAP. "
" Christmas Eve! I'm not competitive. MEN on Twitter get angry at me because I know more about their chosen field than they do. Well... I always wanted to be a poet. I tried and tried and tried and tried. GARBAGE. There are two poets in my family. Neither went to class or studied. They just started writing. One was fifty-four years old. It just started. ""Hotbox."" The other poet started when she was eight years old. You know what I feel? Gladness. I love skill. My relatives mop the earth with me, poetry wise. I can't be a poet. Period. But THEIR skill doesn't diminish me. I'm the same person I always was. I'm not intimidated by those who are smarter or more talented or knowledgeable than me. I welcome them to my table..."
" This is actually one of the final steps before regime change. First they had ""reconnaissance by protest."" They studied the strengths and weaknesses of the security forces. During that period, they RECRUITED a large percentage of the security forces. THEN they had large protests of people from ONE city going to OTHER cities. That was rehearsing ""troop"" movements. And now they're rehearsing instantaneous large scale protests. They've managed to keep this movement free from double agents. The Middle East has a long history of leaders being assassinated by their own bodyguards or relatives. Saudi Arabia seems to have defeated this problem. In the movie Blade Runner, they use the ""Voight-Kampff test"" to identify replicants. Pupillary reactions give them away. The pupil changes size in response to emotions. I read YEARS ago that such a test was scientifically feasible. My guess is that the Saudis have a way of weeding out double agents. SOMEBODY is helping the Iranians defeat all the traps that the regime put in place. It's very exciting..."
" Great observation that allows me to jabber about something important. Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has been arrested. He owns the second-largest amount of Twitter stock. Twitter went nuts. So did banks and media corporations. I'm a professional investor. I HATE INVESTORS. They panic at the drop of a hat and make ME suffer because of THEIR mindless fears. When everybody sells, the value of MY holdings drops. I'm tied to these pathetic, gutless children. The Dow Jones Industrial Average tells you the health of the market. Since Trump took office, we've broken seven or eight records. The Dow is currently at 23,539 points. In 2009 it hit 6,507. The Asian markets open before the American markets. Through these ""futures,"" we can see what the Dow will do when WE open. On the night of November 8, 2016, the Dow futures were down 1200 points, after Trump won. A MASSIVE crash was coming. And then the trend reversed itself, and we finished HIGHER than before Trump's election. That's a unique circumstance in the history of stock markets, and nobody talks about it for one reason: Trump did it. Everybody who Trump knows got on the phone to banks and commercial investors, and they REASSURED THEM. Trump spent DECADES making contacts in preparation for his presidency. The Saudis just rounded up some of the most important people in their economy. All hell began to break loose. And then it stopped. Here's what panics investors: uncertainty. Trump has thousands of allies who have millions of telephone numbers. All it takes is a, ""Don't worry. All is well."" It's so simple that NOBODY EVER THOUGHT TO DO IT. Nobody except for Trump. Investors are terrified of what are called ""black swans."" Today in Saudi Arabia, we had a MASSIVE black swan. But everybody has already calmed down. That's not an accident or coincidence. Believe me. Brilliant people work night and day to keep panicky investors from screwing everything up..."
" HOW INTERESTING. I just debunked a story published by Zero Hedge. Now I'm asked a question. Look at the date. It's almost like someone is suddenly studying all my tweets and attempting to bog me down in endless debate! No WAY! "
" Want to hear something funny? 's comment didn't mean anything, but when cursor went over his name as I scrolled, I saw this. So I looked at his page. Boilerplate anti-Trump yawnage. ""Scitus"" is Latin for ""smart."" This is what's so dreary about leftist nags. They always pin a name tag on themselves that says ""Deeply Intelligent Speaker of Truth"" or something similar. This guy HATES me. I am POLLUTION and totally unreasonable. That's why he follows me, of course. Here's another reason leftists are doomed: They can't keep their mouths shut. I have TONS of followers who say things that I totally disagree with. And I NEVER criticize them or insult them. It used to be said that the Democrats were able to unite, despite their differences, in order to achieve their goals. Now, supporters of --the REAL supporters--are united despite their differences. We know that we need to give him eight years to do his job. You know why called me pollution? Because I opposed the mob that tore apart Roy Moore. THAT is dedication to insanity. When you call someone POLLUTION for setting aside his own personal beliefs in order to defend someone unfairly set upon by rabid animals. As we get closer to November, the Democrats will get crazier. They simply can't help it. And Trump will make sure that it happens... ADDENDUM: Like a butler who appears when I ring a bell, the mental patient proves my point far better than I could. He thinks it's FAIR to call someone POLLUTION for opposing mob action. People with this level of pathology simply can't defend against those of us willing to USE their sickness to destroy them. The purpose of my thread was to GOAD this guy into commenting. And he did. Like a three-year-old, he couldn't help himself. This is what Trump does, so don't worry. All will be well... The butler appears a SECOND time, proving that without question, he can't control himself. He creates ANOTHER ACCOUNT to continue expressing his deep love for me, and he doubles down on the notion that opposing mob action is POLLUTION. Imagine that some guy is saying that you're pathological. Does it help your cause to BEHAVE pathologically? Don't get his viewpoint wrong: He's saying that opposing lynch mobs is POLLUTION that destroys RATIONAL DISCOURSE. This person is typical of leftism. One guy on Twitter explains how the former president and our chief law-enforcement officers broke the law with impunity. Obama views those with different political beliefs as POLLUTERS. Therefore he has no problem breaking the law to shut them up. I now think it's highly likely that Obama, Holder, Lynch, and the Clintons will be charged with crimes. Trump understands what I didn't until today: Leftists are nascent mass murderers."
" It's WAY past time for Americans to begin thinking for themselves. ALMOST EVERY JOURNALIST--right or left--is a liar. Why are they liars? For the same reason we have mass shooters. The truth IS OUT THERE. But you have to find it yourself. That's why I don't go to a single Website. Here's what I do: First I go to Google and enter a keyword or search term. When the results come up, I go to ""News."" Pure reporting. I never go to ""citizen journalist"" sites. They're actually making everything worse. I also search for news and videos in foreign languages. The bloggers-who-became-big are just as infected with the fame-disease as the mainstream journalists who they claim to despise. They won't give you hard news. It's all gossip and campfire tales intended to make you hysterical. Did you see the latest Antifa brawl? I count sixteen of them. Yammering out their ritual slogans. I love how this guy just shoves Kicky Girl away from him. Antifa is yesterday's news. While the ""citizen journalists"" were howling about them, the Justice Department got rid of them. That puny brawl is the perfect representation of...everything. Boring, silly, irrelevant ritual that history has passed by. It would be nice if people stopped relying on liars and fame whores. We'd all be a lot happier..."
" By the way, is someone you should keep in mind. He has a soothing voice and natural, low-key delivery that plays very well with multiple audiences. The problem with too many YouTube content producers is that their voices and delivery are grating. They may have terrific ideas, but the execution is flawed because the poor voice is too irritating. I think has a a heck of a lot of potential. his content is good, but more importantly, he's easy on the ears. So if there are people out there who want to build up conservative social-media voices that can appeal to wide audiences... Give a peek. I'm 55 years old. Here's how things USED to be done: You glommed onto someone based on your conviction that they would GROW into the artist you wanted. As says, he needs funding for equipment. Talented artists make the message more accessible..."
" Here's an ethical issue to ponder. I'll tell you how I come down on it. Would you support exposing all the dirty secrets of Congress in order to essentially blackmail them into supporting your agenda? Personally, I WOULD do it. If--that's funny, isn't it--these people are involved in abusive and illegal behavior, and if they are opposing me simply for the sake of opposing me, I'd expose them in a second. I'd make several high-profile examples. Is this the way government should be run? No. But you work with the government you have. If your government is filled with criminals who oppose you simply to make you fail, then I think all bets are off. So yes, I'm all for exposing members of Congress one by one until they're all voting for my agenda. You bet..."
" The figures are totally unverified, since they come directly from the Houthis and nobody else. Virtually every photo and video of ""wounded civilians"" shows military aged males. The ""starving infants"" all have mother with fat hands. Those babies have parasitic infections endemic to the country. After close to four years of war, the total death count of civilians is 5000. The Saudis use inert aerial munitions filled with concrete. The buildings on all sides of the targeted structure are UNTOUCHED. And inert, precision-guided munition did that. There isn't a chance in hell that the Saudis have killed 5000 civilians in Yemen. But even if they HAD, compare it to other wars. From May 4 to July 7, 1994, the Yemenis killed 10,000 of each other. Yemen is a craphole filled with people who hate each other can't live together. And they're all drug addicts. They chew khat all day, and all sides use child soldiers. The only people ABOVE reproach here are the Saudis. The Yemenis themselves are catastrophic failures. Hopefully they'll get their act together someday..."
" Do you trust Trump? Would Trump sell weapons to state sponsors of terrorism? FIRST Qatar bought 36 F-15QAs. These are the most advanced F-15s made. Then the State Department announced THIS: ""The Government of Qatar has requested support of its F-15QA multi-role fighter aircraft program to include design and construction services, new parking/loading ramps, hot cargo pads, taxiways, hangars, back shops, alert facilities, weapons storage areas..."" ""Hardened shelters, squadron operations facilities, maintenance facilities, training facilities, information technology support and cyber facilities, force protection support facilities, squadron operations facilities, other F-15QA related support structures..."" ""Construction/facilities/design services, cybersecurity services, mission critical computer resources, support services, force protection services, and other related elements of logistics and program support."" FINALLY the order of F-15QAs was DOUBLED. I think Qatar and the rest of the Gulf Cooperation Council are pulling the mother of all fast ones on everybody. We're donating tons of advanced weaponry to the Lebanese armed forces, despite the conventional wisdom that these forces are under the control of Hezbollah. Do you trust Trump? I do. His actions PROVE that the wars are already won. Everyone is asking, ""Why are we selling advanced weaponry to state sponsors of terrorism?"" The question answers itself. ""Why are we donating advanced weaponry to an armed force controlled by terrorists?"" Again, the question answers itself. I believe that Trump and the Saudis began planning TOGETHER almost forty years ago. Trump created his persona at around that time. It's a disguise. As much as I think I know about what's going? It's a tiny FRACTION of what's ACTUALLY going on. People sneer: ""You're an idiot if you think Trump is playing 4D chess."" There isn't a NAME for what Trump and the Saudis are playing. The concept has not yet been named. YouTube removed this video. This was the title: ""Before the war this Saturday, [here is] a [movie] trailer of the Iranian volcano blast, [which] we need to bring to the attention of the mullahs."" I can conclude only one thing: YOUTUBE thinks that the video is a ""Go"" signal for the toppling of the mullahs. All corporations are devoted to the status quo. They hate uncertainty. I'm not a corporation. I want CHANGE for the sake of the Iranians. And I said to the man who stood at the gate of the year: “Give me a light that I may tread safely into the unknown.” And he replied: “Go out into the darkness and put your hand into the Hand of God. That shall be to you better than light and safer than a known way.” So I went forth, and finding the Hand of God, trod gladly into the night. And He led me towards the hills and the breaking of day in the lone East. و من به مردی که در دروازه سال ایستاده بود گفتم: ""من یک نور را به من نشان می دهم که می توانم با خیال راحت به ناشناخته بروم."" و او پاسخ داد: ""بیرون رفتن به تاریکی و قرار دادن دست خود را به دست خدا. این بهتر از نور و ایمن تر از راه شناخته شده است. "" پس من رفتم و دست خدا را پیدا کردم با خوشحالی به شب می رسیدم. و او من را به سمت تپه ها و شکستن روز در شرق تنها برد. Change is frightening. But don't be afraid. All WILL be well..."
" , news for morons. The story has THIS whopper. The White House Chief of Staff has no authority to determine who gets US Secret Service protection. Here's the relevant law regarding the US Secret Service. The Director of Homeland Security determines who gets US Secret Service protection. Some people MUST legally accept protection, and others can turn it down. The threat assessment against Kellyanne Conway was changed. I'm not surprised to see that Jim Acosta has no idea what the hell he's talking about. That guy will repeat whatever he's told. I never had kids, but I've seen them when they're in the repeating phase. My mother told me that I could repeat everything except for ""window."" Mom would say, ""Window,"" and I'd go, ""Huh?"" Jim Acosta needs to start asking, ""Huh?"" before he mindlessly repeats what he's told..."
" That guy blocked me, so I logged out see his tweet. He's one of these Twitter gurus who ropes in gullible people. No surprise that he's lying. 28 U.S. Code § 594 - Authority and duties of an independent counsel A special counsel has ""full power and independent authority to exercise all investigative and prosecutorial functions and powers of the Department of Justice, the Attorney General, and any other officer or employee of the Department of Justice."" Manure salesmen count on you to not do your own research. The only way to STOP consuming manure is to look things up instead of simply repeating what some Twitter weirdo said. Mueller is neither a ""black hat"" or a ""white hat."" He's just doing his job. When people lie to you in order to make themselves seem important, it means that they aren't trustworthy. Try to keep that in mind..."
" Raqqa. On November 6, 2016, the Syrian Democratic Forces announced that the campaign to liberate Raqqa had begun. Here's what the ""experts"" said. ""An Assaulting Force Can Expect a 50% Casualty Rate in Raqqa."" Remember that estimate. A 50 percent casualty rate. Raqqa had a population of 200,000. But look at the AREA. Nice and compact, huh? NO. Compare a Google drawing with a satellite photo. The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) had to take the equivalent of FIVE cities. The SDF announced the beginning of the campaign on November 6, 2016. Then the Coalition SUPPORTING the SDF spent the next NINE MONTHS preparing. Who were the human intelligence assets collecting information? Saudi and other Arab commandos. They went into Raqqa and walked among the terrorists. He's speaking English. ""And so you see here, a sword."" That's all I got. The Islamic State fortified Raqqa with booby traps, land mines, and IEDs. They held tens of thousands as human shields. An ""expert"" speaks: ""At the end of the day, the deciding factor in the battle for Raqqa is the relative strength of the approaching army."" This is the estimated sizes of the combatant forces. 30,000 to 40,000 SDF, and 500 to 3000 Islamic State. Both are incorrect. The problem, as always, was Turkey. The Turks wanted a role in the liberation of Raqqa. They said the SDF didn't have enough troops. The SDF denied it. Here's the funny part: The Turks were right AND wrong. The SDF sent 15,000 fighters to Raqqa. ""The SDF had a solid core of about 15,000 fighters in the Raqqa offensive, Ahmed said."" Those 15,000 BY THEMSELVES could not have taken Raqqa. The assault troops were professional commandos. They used World War I infiltration tactics. The commandos went as far forward as they could, bypassing strong points. Then the SDF raced to that furthest point and held it while the commandos ""back cleared"" the areas they'd initially bypassed. The fighting was totally savage. Guess how many Islamic State terrorists were killed? Over 6000. The rest surrendered. The terrorists had fortified Raqqa for three years. They had IEDs, landmines, tunnels, and suicide vests. The ""experts"" said that the assault troops would take 50 percent casualties. Guess how many died? Exactly 434 dead, 2500 wounded. We don't know how many Arab and allied strategic special forces there are. But they number in the hundreds of thousands. Land warfare is called ""ground maneuver."" In the past, there weren't enough special forces to carry out ground maneuver. It's clear that the Arabs DO have enough strategic special forces to carry out ground maneuver. Just look at the casualties. The terrorists lost 6000, and the SDF and its allies lost 434. The era of organized jihadist terrorism is coming to an end. It took only four months of actual combat to retake Raqqa. Tens of thousands of human shields were rescued, and only 434 of our allies died in the campaign. Assad, Putin, and the Iranian mullahs need to THINK REALLY HARD about what they do next. They're up against soldiers who can't be defeated..."
" What I'm saying is that Kim and his diplomats told Trump's people that the KPA ruling class is holding the entire country hostage. So yes, Kim and his diplomats ASKED for help. Trump thanked the president of China for his ""work on the northern border of Korea."" The Chinese mobilized troops and put them on the border. The North Korean ruling class lives in China. See, everything that Kim is doing now goes against the entire WRITTEN IDEOLOGY of North Korea. What does that tell you? The generals in North Korea live in palaces. Can you tell what the problem is with a place like this? Correct! If someone comes for you, NOBODY WILL KNOW! The KPA ruling elite never feared the population, with good reason. But it wasn't the population that got them. Kim was educated in Switzerland. So he saw the world outside of the Hermit Kingdom. Trump's people won the trust of the North Korean diplomats. Kim and the diplomats asked for help, which was given. And now Trump is heaping praise on Kim. See, it took GIGANTIC cojones for EVERYBODY to agree to this. We don't actually know WHO was talking to the North Koreans before Pompeo. It was was someone who won't leak. THESE ARE THE THINGS Trump promised. I always knew he would deliver..."
" The Syrian Arab ""Army"" puts on a display for Russian camera operators. Direct hit! But everyone's in the foreground is okay. Didn't even duck down behind cover. Syrians show us how Napoleon fought in 1815. Only one guy has ammunition pouches. Paul Bunyun! They're gonna win. Look at them. The Russians say the battle over. Yay! It was a nice battle, because nobody got hurt. Those are the best."
" I FOUND WHY THE RODEO CLOWN SAID IT. ""Empty barrel makes the most noise"" is racist. The proverb dates back to Plato. So how did the rodeo clown decide it was a racist attack? Her staff of professional victims found a ridiculous poem by the totally obscure Nicholas Vachel Lindsay. He's considered a ""founder of modern singing poetry."" WHAT THE HELL?! He was born in 1879 and died in 1931. I've never heard of him. BUT! Angry Black American Victims know him. W. E. B. Du Bois wrote, ""Lindsay knows two things, and two things only, about Negroes:"" ""The beautiful rhythm of their music and the ugly side of their drunkards and outcasts."" ""From this poverty of material he tries now and then to make a contribution to Negro literature."" The Eminem of 1903! Lindsay wrote a singing poem called ""The Congo: A Study of the Negro Race."" Here's how this unbelievably embarrassing and TOTALLY OBSCURE poem begins. The whole thing. It took me TWO HOURS to find that piece of crap. I had to search ""empty barrel Negro."" If John Kelly knows this poem, I'll fly to Washington and eat his shoes in front of whatever MSNBC weirdo wants to film it. Imagine the level of grievance and self-pity it would take to KNOW ABOUT THIS POEM. Here's Lindsay performing his mortifying poem. How could anyone take offense at this? The man is obviously insane. BUT GUESS WHAT? YouTube is full of videos of people performing it! Can we say that THIS IS THE MOMENT that the word ""racism"" lost all negative connotations and now just means ""entertainment""? When you first saw the rodeo clown, didn't you think she was the living end? The absolute worst? Well, SHE WAS JUST GETTING STARTED! She was going to reference a white mental patient from a century ago, one of the worst performers who ever lived! single handedly rid the country of the entire race-hustling industry, and she did it with one sentence. She is--as said--God's gift to the Republican party..."
" President Trump on Iran. Vice President Pence on Iran: ""Where his predecessor stayed silent in 2009, Trump swiftly offered the Iranian people America’s unwavering support. He has also committed to provide assistance in the days ahead."" ""If the founding principles of this institution mean anything, we will not only hear their cry, we will finally answer it."" --UN ambassador Nikki Haley ""I will tell you -- let me offer this -- that we watch all the time for the indicators."" --Secretary of Defense James Mattis These quotes paint a very unambiguous picture, don't they...? ADDENDUM: You can always rely on Newsweek to tell you what's happening. Just turn everything 180 degrees. ""If Trump and Haley actually care about human rights in Iran, says Andreas Krieg, a Middle East expert and Assistant Professor in the Department of Defence Studies at King’s College London, they would do well to take a page from Tillerson’s strategic silence."" That would be true if these protests were like any PREVIOUS protests. What does Trump's vocal support tell you? ""By embracing the protesters and saying the U.S. is willing to support the movement against the Iranian government..."" ""'I think they are actually fuelling the narrative of the regime, which is saying that [the protests are] the doing of external agents,” Krieg tells Newsweek . “That’s very much counterproductive.'"" AGAIN, that's true ONLY IF these are like all previous protests. So what does Trump's support tell you? ""The Trump administration has never had a grand a strategy on dealing with Iran, Krieg argues, apart from the president saying he doesn’t like the regime and the deal to curb its nuclear weapons program."" The fact the Trump hasn't broadcast his Iran strategy to British academics is a BAD THING?! This next statement shows you how utterly delusional Andreas Krieg is: ""By embracing the protests wholeheartedly 'I think you know you could be seen as potentially embracing something that might soon be happening in Saudi Arabia,' which Trump has positioned as a key American ally in the Middle East."" Krieg is completely unaware that Saudi Arabia is VOLUNTARILY loosening its control over its people. How is it possible that a professor at the Department of Defence Studies at King’s College London doesn't know this? I'm stunned. Krieg's solution: ""If the Trump administration really wanted to empower Iran’s President Hassan Rouhani to push through changes that modernize Iran and make it more moderate by increasing the economic prosperity of average Iranians, Krieg says..."" The rest doesn't matter. Krieg is arguing for the endless dance to continue. Here's what the PROTESTERS are saying: ""No to reformists, no to hardliners. The game is over."" The Trump administration agrees and is clearly prepared to act. When ASKED..."
" Let's talk about mental illness. I'm an expert, since I'm mentally ill. ""Flat affect."" The Florida mass shooter has it. Flat affect or reduced affect display or emotional blunting is the inability to express emotions. This guy has it. This photo shows that he has no idea how to express emotions. He's just showing his teeth. ALL mass shooters are mentally ill. Currently, it's very hard for the authorities to do ANYTHING to prevent mass shootings. Both the political left and the political right don't want the authorities to have the power to detain someone who is determined to be dangerous. Here's what we have in our society: A constitutional right to own firearms, a refusal to detain the dangerously mentally ill, a lust for fame, and a sense that nothing is real. This woman simply refused to accept that someone was firing a rifle at her. The woman was on her phone, telling someone about the exciting thing happening. She never took cover. When you have dangerous mental patients allowed to run free, and the public doesn't think anything is real, you get mass shootings. Did you know that neurologists now study YouTube? Before the advent of YouTube, the ""fencing response"" was only seen in sports. Now, there are so many videos of people being knocked out and getting brain damage--as evidenced by the fencing response--that YouTube videos are used in medical schools. Am I the only person who recognizes what an obscene indictment of our culture that is? How many times have you heard a survivor of a mass shooting say, ""I thought it was a movie""? They were filming a movie in your school or office? We will NEVER address this issue until Americans snap out it. Ignore all the fake outrage over mass shootings. Not one of the people screeching actually cares about the dead. I care about the dead, so I offer the ONLY solution to mass shootings. First and foremost, you have to give the authorities the power to detain a person indefinitely. All your fears about that being abused? They're total nonsense. I live in the LEAST gun-friendly state in the union: California. I take NINE psychotropic medications. I was able to buy two pistols, a carbine, and shotgun. They did a THOROUGH background check. I've had ZERO interactions with the police, I've never made violent threats, and my psychiatrist is free to share my medicals with the authorities if they ask. I gave him permission. I used to get tons of death threats, which I reported to the FBI. The cops needed to see if I was responsible enough to protect myself as the state allows. Here's how I look at it: The cops wanted to know how stable I am. The only way to LET them know was to allow my psychiatrist to share his evaluation of me. This is life and death. It's NOT A MOVIE. I'm not worried about gulags and false flags and all the rest of the craziness that people believe. Cops are being trained to recognize opioid addiction. Why can't cops be trained to recognize dangerous mental illness? I can recognize it. You put that in the CONTEXT of 35 visits from the police, incessant violent threats made, endless bragging about how much damage he'll do, and an arsenal of weapons. This is binary. Either we allow the authorities to determine that someone is dangerous and must be detained indefinitely, or we live with mass shootings. Most mass shootings are carried out with pistols. Banning THESE won't stop mass shootings. The harder part is making Americans STOP living in a movie. That which has no will to survive, won't. If someone is shooting at you, and you don't take cover because you're on your phone, you're going to die. I survived the IRA nail bomb in Regent's Park, set off on July 20, 1982. I'd never heard a bomb in my life, but I felt the blast wave, and I recognized instantly that it was a terrorist bomb. So my brother and I got the hell out. We didn't stand around, asking, ""What's happening?"" I hate futility and empty ritual. Either we address this issue--dangerous mental illness--or we live with dangerous mental patients wreaking havoc. Every other take on mass shootings is nothing but partisan political farting... "
" makes a point. In 1992, I applied for a job at the CIA. Sent them my resume, and they said they'd very much like to interview me. By AGREEING to be interviewed, I had to go along with LIES. The first step in the interview process was a presentation at a hotel. The sign outside the conference room was a LIE. I was told to LIE to the hotel staff. The presenter looked and sounded exactly like Tim Reid, star of Snoops. He told us everything about the CIA except for the Directorate of Operations. We had to get through the SECOND interview process before we were told about Operations. One of the questions we were asked was, ""Are you willing to LIE to everyone--including your family and spouse--about what you really do?"" I passed the first interview, and they wanted to fly me to Langley, Virginia, for the second interview. I would be required to LIE to everyone about my destination and this interview. I didn't go to Langley, because I was less than six months sober at the time, and I was told that this would disqualify me. ""Covert"" means you LIE. You PRETEND to be someone or something that you're not. The only covert operations that WORK are the ones that work. Meaning, you LIE to everybody and make them think something that isn't true. Steven Bannon will land on his feet, no matter what. He's former US Navy. Would he appear to turn against if it meant that the Trump agenda were helped? He'd do it in a heartbeat. People don't appreciate the headwinds that Trump faces. Extreme circumstances require extreme solutions. BUT. What's really happening here? Nothing. Words. Much ado about the same crap that has been making people hysterical since Trump announced his presidential run. Bannon still has a Top Secret / Compartmented Sensitive Information (TS/SCI) security clearance. If he REALLY lost his mind, why hasn't it been revoked? Remember Trump railing impotently about Sessions? ""O if I had only known! O woe!"" Trump can FIRE Sessions any time he wants. THIS is a notice of intent to sue. Let's see if Trump actually sues Bannon..."
" There's no back-room conspiracy to ban guns, BUT as you can see, leftists are trying to foment gun violence in order to have guns banned. Leftists say that the police are not required to confront murderers with AR-15s. THAT is an explicit call to violence in order to get guns banned. They're going to try and get people killed the way Terry McAuliffe did in Charlottesville. THEREFORE everyone must remember Berkeley. The free-speech protestors were attacked with over 50 explosives. They were hit with bicycle locks and brass knuckles, and there were attempted murders with daggers. Several men broke up fights while not overtly playing the role of peacekeeper. There was no ""Come on, guys! Give peace a chance!"" Here's what people need to understand: There's a very small group of people who WILL try to get others killed. BUT. A lot of the men and women you see are not who they appear to be. Why I don't I watch Fox News? Well, today, the increasingly tubby Greg Jarrett said that Rod Rosenstein is the REAL Attorney General, and Jeff Sessions is his slave. This is insanity. That fat son of a bitch is deliberately misleading people. I told everyone exactly a year ago that Michael Flynn had carried out a counterespionage operation. I told you that Flynn's operation would nail those who abused the FISA process. So today Sessions says they're investigating it, and what do we get from Greg Jarrett? Bullshit about how Rosenstein allowed it. This doesn't even make sense. Jarrett and ALL THE OTHER LIARS who told you fairy tales about Sessions and McMaster and Kelly? They'll just CONTINUE LYING, even in the face of evidence what they claim to be want done IS being done. So during this period, everyone has to be SMART. Donald Trump and his allies are the only people you can trust. Everyone on TV has a vested interest in making TROUBLE. Leftists are riling themselves up to the point of total lunacy. And don't kid yourself: People who you think on ON YOUR SIDE won't be sorry if you get hurt. They'll USE you, exactly the way leftists do. You will become a political prop for a fat, rich bastard on TV. I don't want you to get hurt, and I don't want you to become a casualty in the TV-ratings war. SO BE SMART. Trust nobody except . On many levels, he put himself in the same boat we're in. Can you imagine the dangers he faces? So be smart, be patient, and be positive. ALL WILL BE WELL..."
" provides a museum-quality example of the insanity, melodrama, and jaw-dropping superficiality of Trump haters. I love the photo of the sullen former angel, his giant halo slipping off and falling into the the dust. ""Hope is fading!"" Literally everything Sullivan says is a lie--except the FACT that Trump has already smashed what the worst president in American history left behind. Obama's ""cutting of the deficit"" was due entirely to sequestration. These were automatic spending cuts MOSTLY IN DEFENSE that began in 2013. After 2013, Obama's budget deficits began to rise, By 2017, his budget deficit was almost the same as it was in 2013. We ended up with armed forces that had to cannibalize MUSEUM DISPLAYS for spare parts. Both my nephews were in the army. They got almost no ammunition for target practice, so their marksmanship skills eroded. Sullivan says that Trump's economic policy benefits only the unimaginably wealthy. Tell that to all the people who got bonuses that they badly needed. Obama's EPA was used as a political weapon. If you didn't knuckle under, the EPA sued you for dust storms. Sullivan says all European countries are now on their own. FINALLY! They have their nanny states because WE PAY TO PROTECT THEM. That's not right. THEY need to protect THEMSELVES. And here Sullivan shows what a lunatic he is: Under Obama, ""There was even, believe it or not, an attempt at first to restrain the Greater Israel lobby."" ""Greater Israel"" is a term used exclusively by Jew-haters. Neo-Nazis, in fact. THEN Sullivan says that Obama tried to FIGHT the neo-Marxist use of race as a weapon. Here's the craziest thing Crazy Andrew has ever said: ""What drives Trump is racial essentialism, a rage at the post-racial, integrative center that the mixed-race Obama represented."" OBAMA is post-racial, and TRUMP is enraged by racial equality. Sullivan is on another planet. I didn't thing that these people believed their own bullshit, but they do. Andrew Sullivan is paid tons of money and has LAWS WAIVED FOR HIM so that he can produce a schizophrenic's view of the world. Sullivan ACTUALLY THINKS that Trump is a sociopath motivated solely by the need to garner personal power. In other words, Sullivan is raving about a Donald Trump who doesn't exist. Sullivan is spending his life in a state of hallucination. And OF COURSE, Sullivan concludes by saying that the rejection of leftism means that the world can't be saved. He talks about a film called ""First Reformed,"" which reflects Sullivan's worldview. ""Suicide awakens the minister to a deeper realization of the sincerity of the man’s environmental conscience, and radicalizes him to do what he can to save an unsavable Earth, even as desperation envelops his soul."" ""The priest begins to wander sideways into madness and self-destruction, diagnosed with cancer, and longing in some way for his own extinction, quietly drinking himself into oblivion..."" ""Kept alive solely by the resilient figure of the pregnant young woman, her refusal to give up on the life within her, and the remote possibility of love as a form of salvation in the here and now."" As someone with such severe PTSD, depression, and anxiety that I have to take nine medications, I say, ""F*CK YOU, Andrew Sullivan and Paul Schrader, you stupid-ass drama queens."" I'm 55 years old. This is the GREATEST ERA IN HUMAN HISTORY. One by one, each country is embracing improvement. The leaders of this movement are King Salman, Mohammed bin Salman and . Andrew Sullivan is stale standup comedy act from a dead era. Plenty of you know that I'm not a Pollyanna. I'm optimistic because first the Saudis and then Trump gave me REASONS to be optimistic. Their ACTIONS showed me that they were going to fix the planet. The Obama years were a CATASTROPHE. His government was lawless, and he went out of his way to free the world's greatest sponsor of terrorism. But Obama and Sullivan and all the other surface skaters DON'T STUDY WEAPONS. When I started seeing videos like THIS, I knew that all would be well. That's a kinetic weapon. It flew at about 13,000 miles per hour, or Mach 18. NOT AMERICAN. Here's what Obama did while I was tracking down research and patents for weapons. Andrew Sullivan became a joke years ago. He's bitter. I'm not bitter. I wasn't bitter even BEFORE 2015, the year I learned that all will be well. This is a Golden Age. The fact that Obama's destructive legacy is already gone? A cause for celebration. I didn't know ANYTHING about the Saudis and Trump until they began PERFORMING. Then I watched, and then they PROVED that they are fixing the world. Sullivan is a surface-skating lost cause. YOU aren't. And that's why I tweet. To show YOU to trust your gut. All WILL be well..."
" To ME, it's the same as when all these leftist actresses came out and spoke of their experiences being assaulted or raped. People said, ""She's a leftist. She deserved it."" I don't want to live in a culture in which it's okay to rape some people because of their political beliefs. I also don't want to live in a culture in which people say, ""He wasn't a REAL Green Beret, so it's no big deal."""
" Okay, funny Americans. I asked what this said in Arabic. I got inundated with crap that would've gotten you thrown out of the worst club in the Catskills. HOT-CHA-CHA-CHA-CHAAAAAA! Turns out that the Arabic says ""intelligence source."" This guy is a commando. Are YOU a commando? Why no! You're not! The intelligence source was directing a rifle grenadier. The guy killed every single terrorist on the block. And the guy who DIRECTED him was UNARMED! Any of YOU guys have the balls to confront the Islamic State unarmed? The terrorists held up the Iraqi advance, so their unarmed adviser went and found the location of the snipers. Then the rifle grenadier went to town. Here's the rifle grenadier. No body armor. Just guts. Say something funny. Because HAW! You know? HAW! "
" Let's neutralize Operation Katrina, the disinformation blitz that the press and the Democrats are running. First lie: No. Trump RESPONDED to Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz trying to blame HIM for Puerto Rico's inability to distribute aid. Here's the mayor standing in front of supplies, bitching about how angry she is. She accuses Trump of genocide. Here's the reality. Puerto Rico doesn't have enough TRUCKS or TRUCK DRIVERS, and the roads are impassable. ONLY ONE-FIFTH OF PUERTO RICO'S TRUCK DRIVERS HAVE REPORTED BACK TO WORK. So tell me what the US is supposed to do? Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz is trying to score political points, suing the suffering of others. Here's what the governor of Puerto Rico says. ""The federal government is fulfilling his every request."" Puerto Rico went bankrupt in May of 2017. ""Food insecurity, poor health care, and resource-starved public transit all predate the hurricane."" ""This is the U.S. territory’s second food shortage in recent years."" ""When a Puerto Rico-bound cargo vessel, El Faro, sank during Hurricane Joaquin in 2015, residents spent months in strife..."" ""As the government struggled to develop a plan that ensured everyone had enough to eat."" Who was mayor of San Juan in 2015? Why, none other than Carmen Yulín Cruz! Did she bitch about OBAMA'S response to the hurricane-induced food shortage of 2015? Don't make me laugh. ""Never let a crisis go to waste."" Carmen Yulín Cruz is a cheap opportunist. Not only THAT, she's using the hurricane to cover Puerto Rico's own dysfunctions. A question for EVERY SINGLE PERSON who's criticizing the US effort help Puerto Rico: What do you want us to do? If Puerto Rico has no ability to distribute aid, what are WE supposed to do? CREATE A TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE? Fine. Give us TEN YEARS, and we'll do it. We'll build the infrastructure that Puerto Rico DIDN'T EVEN HAVE before the hurricanes. ""Puerto Rico's electrical infrastructure was in need of repairs and upgrades before the hurricanes hit."" ""PREPA, the island's electric company, hasn't had the funds to modernize the grid."" ""Puerto Rico also lacks the number of workers required to make the repairs."" See the pattern? Carmen Yulín Cruz is blaming Trump for Puerto Rico's self-inflicted problems. Back to the CNN lies. ""Trump's early praise of relief efforts does not appear to match the reality on the ground."" Let's look at Trump's comments. True. True. True. Puerto Rico is unable to deliver the aid that WE PROVIDED. How is that Trump's fault? Finally, CNN admits to launching Operation Katrina, and they bring out a man who sold his soul. General Honoré is now HIMSELF ""stuck on stupid."" Honoré is going to meet with...Senators McCain and Graham and work on legislation! Honoré is a jabbering, lying voice from the past. All the words he ""doesn't understand"" are in the National Response Framework (NRF) Under the NRF, LOCAL OFFICIALS MUST ASK FOR HELP. So ONCE AGAIN, it goes back to Puerto Rico's government. As the governor admits. ""The federal government is fulfilling his every request."" So piss off, General Honoré, you partisan turd. You're another disgrace. Identity politics über alles. Screw THAT."
" A message to all the Twitter Demigods: What's your major malfunction? Suddenly you're singling me out. Why? YOUR gig is still viable: ""Beware, all! My sources tell me that at 4:78 pm on Thursday, Congress will turn us all into empanadas!"" I don't tell people, ""Don't follow Jack or Mike or Jack."" You're still free to warn us about becoming congressional empanadas. Your pathetic horse manure doesn't encroach on what I write about. I'll give you an example: I've been saying since May of 2015 that commandos from the Gulf Cooperation Council can do anything. Their main weapons is deception. The videos show that ONE SOLDIER is often the only foreigner attached to units of locals. Iraqi federal police commandos. Look at this guy! Gray haired, wearing a civilian jacked, running faster than the kids around him, AND... Every time he spoke, they censored his voice. He doesn't look Arab to me. I've been saying since May of 2015 that there's a new kind of soldier. Today, I confirmed my guess, 100 percent. Air International, September 2017, Volume 93, Number 3, pp. 96-98. ""Recapitalising the Corps,"" by Nigel Pittaway. The US Marine Corps is getting MASSIVELY advanced weapons. Final paragraph in the whole magazine. Every US Marine will have electronic-warfare capabilities. Like Arab commandos already do. That means that ONE marine will be able to go out and wreak total havoc among enemy forces. The marines will hack into the enemy communications systems and give them bogus orders. All their weapons will be jammed. The marines will order the enemy to shoot at himself and then retreat. AND I'VE BEEN TELLING YOU THIS SINCE 2015. I don't talk about the stuff YOU--Jack, Mike, and Jack--talk about. I talk about reality. So you don't have to worry about me. I do my thing, and you do yours. Here's what YOU do. How am I stopping you? Have at it. All is well. You can relax now."
" Terrorists returning home. This is one shipment of over 10,000 small arms that the Spanish police intercepted. In the photo above, the objects with yellow noses are mortar rounds. A mortar is a form of artillery. What's worrying is that there are dozens of heavy machine guns. Twenty years ago, I read that the Muslim ""no-go zones"" in Europe were being filled with infantry weapons. Mortars, heavy machine guns. Rocket-propelled grenades. And antitank guided missiles. I think these weapons depots probably DO exist. Belgium is the center center for illegal arms sales in Europe. The military, the interior-security forces, and the police in Belgium don't talk to each other. They have two languages--French and Flemish--and some cities have as many a seven separate police forces. I think the jihadists began building the arms depots years ago, waiting for the day when there would be enough trained men. Weapons don't ""go bad."" In 2015, Syrian rebels captured a warehouse full of brand new German assault rifles from 1944. There were literal tons of ammunition. Hezbollah has brand-new machine guns from 1919. In Iraq, our troops found warehouses full of Russian submachine guns from 1941. Our troops used them in combat. If jihadists have enormous numbers of weapons in Europe, there are now enough trained terrorists to use them. The good news--if you can call it that--is that Europe has no Posse Comitatus law. The military can be used in law enforcement. So the terrorists will lose. But at what cost? I can't make any predictions. I knew that after Trump was elected, Europe would go crazy with differentiating itself from him. Hopefully this mania will soon pass..."
" The airstrikes on al-Kiswah, Syria, that came in response to Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and Hezbollah activity. It's a combination of aerial munitions--probably missiles--and cannon fire from a gunship. Just now I did a patent search and found that the concept of a fully automatic howitzer exists. The US decided to phase out the 105mm howitzer in favor of guided missiles. THEN, of course, they had to put the 105mm howitzer BACK ON. After four years of fighting against it. The problem with the US military is that people with no combat experience make the decisions. So somebody somebody arbitrarily says, ""We don't need no stinkin' 105mm howitzer."" Of course this flies in the face of what EVERY GUNSHIP CREW MEMBER SAID. Since the 105mm howitzer was put back on the AC-130 in 2017, my guess is that someone went to Trump, and he offered to fire EVERYBODY unless they listened to the aircrews. The American 105mm howitzer is a single-shot weapon. But we patents for fully automatic, magazine-fed 105mm howitzers. We seem to be hearing a fully automatic howitzer in the video of al-Kiswah. A gunship with a fully automatic howitzer is incomprehensibly destructive. Each burst could bring down a building. The advantage a howitzer has over a missile is accuracy and speed. A howitzer gets the projectile on the target much faster. A gunship like the AC-130 does what's called a ""pylon turn."" It orbits in a circle over the target. A fixed-wing gunship has the weapons mounted on the side, so by doing a pylon turn, you keep the target in sigh indefinitely. These are machine guns in an AC-47. The Germans invented the gunship with side-mounted weapons. In World War One, they used the Albatros J.I, an armored two-seater. They put a 20mm cannon on the side, aiming backward. It was used in an antitank role. The aircraft did a pylon turn over the tank while the gunner fired armor-piercing 20mm rounds. It was VERY effective. The Saudis have TONS of jet transport aircraft that can carry a massive amount of cargo. Years ago, the US Air Force had plans to convert transports to gunships, but as always, some dickhead arbitrarily said, ""NO!"" Just because he could. The Saudis have gunships with totally unknown automatic cannons. This one is firing hundreds or even thousands of rounds. On the right of this video, hundred of rounds are hitting the target and ricocheting off. A fountain of spent rounds. And here's a JET gunship, firing cannon rounds. Before I die, I hope to someday be given information on all of this. I just want to see how accurate my guesses were... ADDENDUM: Six reports, six explosions. Whatever the hell hit al-Kiswah is new and horrendously powerful... "
" This is a VERY important point. I'll speak to you VERY bluntly, so that there will be no misunderstandings. As you know, plenty of westerners blame all of Islam for 9/11 and everything that came afterward. This is just reality. Many western ""experts"" said that the west should threaten to destroy Mecca and Medina. Well, the holiest place for Shia Islam was destroyed. What happened? ALL HELL BROKE LOOSE. The destruction of that mosque infuriated the Shia, and sectarian war broke out. Threatening to destroy Mecca and Medina would've been the stupidest thing the west could possibly do. If it was an empty threat, everything would get worse. BUT. If we had CARRIED OUT the threat, everything would get EXPONENTIALLY worse. I used to shake my head at the incredibly stupid ideas I heard. The CURRENT arrangement is the best: The US will help IF ASKED, but we should never again try to take charge. Middle Easterners know the best way to solve their problems. Every time the west tries to solve the problems, we make the situation worse..."
" OH MY FRIENDS and . Have I got a story for you! Saul, I promise that I will have you screaming with laughter and admiration. On August 2, 2017, a number of useful idiots began reporting that H.R. McMaster had hired a member of CAIR for the NSC. Mustafa Javed Ali was the Diversity Outreach Coordinator for the Council on American Islamic Relations (CAIR). CAIR is a front for Hamas and an unindicted co-conspirator in the terror-finance trial against the Holy Land Foundation. So we saw a lot of thick foam spewed about McMaster. Today, as you know, multiple sources reported that McMaster took Ali to meet the Israelis. It didn't go well. In CLASSIC barium-meal style, we read that the Israelis asked for Ali to be removed, or that Ali said Hezbollah weren't terrorists... Or McMaster said Hezbollah weren't terrorists, or Ali is a woman, or McMaster SCREAMED at the Israelis. PJ Media published this photo. I found the photo with a different caption. The Office of National Intelligence Management, National Counter Terrorism Center (NCTC), is part of the ODNI. The ODNI is the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. Nothing to do with McMaster. Now HERE is where it gets utterly and totally brilliant. Brace yourself, Saul. There's information out there that Mustafa Javed Ali works for the Office of Transnational Threats. The NSC has an Office of Transnational Threats. The Senior Director is Brad Hansell. So I found something. This is a two-week course designed to enhance intelligence cooperation and relationships between the US and other nations. Here is one of the instructors. NIC is the National Intelligence Council. Here's how th NIC is organized. So Javed Ali was a Deputy Intelligence Officer for the Office of Transnational Threats...in the NIC. Remember, the NSC also has an Office of Transnational Threats. What we saw today was another counter-espionage operation. Mustafa Javed Ali never worked for CAIR. He's been an intelligence officer since 2007. He's 49 years old, so his resume has a gap during which he was spooking. Everyone reporting this story was fed a giant, steaming helping of horse manure. Remember this? Here's the lower half. You know what's coming, don't you, Saul? One of the instructors. He KNOWS Mustafa Javed Ali. THAT, my friends, is why I say that Michael Flynn is one of our greatest spooks and patriots. And so is Mustafa Javed Ali. He blew the the absolute hell out of everyone who needed it. Good for him."
" All are lackeys of the Iranian mullahs. Hezbollah and the Houthis are Shia, while Hamas is Sunni. The mullahs will fund ANY terrorist group, regardless of sect. During the Battle of Mosul in Iraq, the Iraqis found that the mullahs have been supplying the Islamic State. In other words, the mullahs were helping the Islamic State murder Shia Muslims. The mullahs are a mafia. You must submit to them, or they'll murder you. Even the most strictly religious Shia clerics in Iran are admitting that the mullahs are simply a mafia. Shia Islam has a concept called the ""guardianship of the Islamic jurist"" (Vilayat-e Faqih). It states that Shia Muslims MUST be ruled by clerics. The Iranian mullahs use this as the rationale for their power. It's divinely ordained, you see. The Houthis are actually the Shia Islamic State. Their movement is called ""Supporters of God"" (Ansar Allah). They're called Houthis after their founder. The Houthis claim a divine right to rule the world, since they claim to be descendants of Mohammed. Their goal is to make Yemen a hub for the export of international jihad. Hezbollah wants mainly to rule Lebanon, but it's another mafia. It has alliances with the Mexican Gulf cartels and other South American narco-terrorists. Hezbollah claims religious piety, but here are their fat members getting drunk and high and partying with prostitutes in Damascus. Hamas is another mafia that wants control over the Palestinians. The other main party is Fatah. In 2007, there was a Hamas-Fatah civil war in Gaza. This guy can tell you about it. The video of what Hamas did to Fatah is unbelievable. Hamas likes to smash heads flat with cinder blocks. Of course Fatah ran screaming to the Israelis, who let them pass through into the West Bank. These are all mafias. Their day has come and gone. This is the future... "
" Trump and Bannon said they'd destroy the media in two years. They're keeping their promise. Today's insanity. But here's what McMaster said to the American Jewish Committee. These are his own words. There's this. Trump SCREAMS At McMaster! SCREAMS! Then this. Trump and Bannon are making a mockery of the media. You guys don't fact check. Guess what THAT means? That means you're being fed garbage as a strategic distraction. Congratulations on being useful idiots."
" illustrates the problems we face as a representative democratic republic. He's asking of the ""deep state"" is blackmailing or threatening Trump. Neither of these scenarios are possible. Trump is not a man who CAN be blackmailed. He has nothing in his past that anyone can ""hold over"" him. And nobody can threaten the president into changing policy. There aren't enough of ""them."" Government bureaucrats are not the FBI Hostage Rescue Team, for example. Or the US Marshals Service Special Operations Group. Or the completely secretive Federal Border, Prison, and Insurrection Task Force, about which there is NO available information. It was activated once, during the LA riots. We all need to up our game. The real world doesn't work the way it does on TV or in the movies. Besides, how will releasing or not releasing the memo change your life? Ask yourself THAT..."
" Here's how the press lies. Note the headline. Last sentence of the ""article"": ""A Pentagon spokesman says the United States was not part of the deal, but also says the U.S. was not prepared to bomb buses full of women and children."" So CBS and the BBC accuse the US of ""letting terrorists go."" Would CBS and the BBC have approved of the US bombing buses full of women and children? Of course not. The role of the press is to criticize ALL ACTIONS of the US, except when the president is a Democrat. The reality, of course, is that it's not possible to determine what's actually happening in Syria. The reason that our allies are winning is that they can infiltrate anywhere and pass for terrorists. CBS and the BBC don't know this. All they care about is trying to discredit Trump in any way they can. They are fanatical and utterly hypocritical. ""The Islamic State is the junior varsity."" ""Al-Qaeda is on the run."" Isn't he gorgeous, our smart, special president who is perfect and does everything right, all the time? "
" Another piece of circumstantial evidence that this is regime change. Let's think about this. Are Trump and Pence men who ""stand with"" those who need help? Or do Trump and Pence take action? Pence says that we will not let the Iranians down. So what happens if the protests don't achieve regime change? It means we let the Iranians down AGAIN. The US can do A LOT without getting involved in actual combat. AND--if the Iranians agree--we can indeed put advisers on the ground. We can provide logistical support, and we can help the Iranians communicate with each other by offering systems that the mullahs can't jam. Pence basically just COMMITTED US to regime change. So I'm now 99.999 percent sure that this is what's happening... ADDENDUM: Yeah, this looks to me like confirmation. "
" Seen in the sky over Tehran. It's definitely a missile trail. The zig-zag almost certainly means it's an anti-missile missile. BUT. There's ZERO chance that anybody would fire a ballistic missile at Iran. My guess is that this is part of the electronic warfare I told you would happen. What if you're Iran, and you have Russian S-300 interceptors. And then WHAT IF ONE FIRES ALL BY ITSELF? Wouldn't that absolutely scare the hell out of you? It would show you that you have no control over your own weapons. This pattern shows that it's an interceptor--but it's a PERFECTLY SYMMETRICAL PATTERN. Here are Israeli Iron Dome interceptors in action, for real. It looks to me like SOMEBODY fired off an Iranian interceptor and then CONTROLLED IT IN MIDAIR to make a cute little zigzag. I told you that the Israelis built their allies weapons that are decades ahead of everybody else's. I think this is evidence of such a weapon in use. What an absolutely amazing warning. Sheer genius. And nobody died... ADDENDUM: Another video. That's definitely an interceptor. But nobody would fire a ballistic missile at Tehran. Also, nobody would spoof a missile attack on Tehran, because the Iranians might fire off their entire arsenal in retaliation. This was another warning to the mullahs. ""Look what WE can do. We can launch your own missiles if we want..."""
" For folks who don't get the reference: The Bismarck was the Nazis' giant battleship, the pride of their fleet. The guns were so huge that it could sink enemy ships before they could get within the range of their OWN guns. The Bismarck sank the HMS Hood--a huge battlecruiser--with one salvo. One the 1325 men aboard, only three survived. The Hood simply vanished. The entire crew except for three was killed in the explosion. So the British went after the Bismarck with an entire fleet. The bravest men who ever lived flew the British Swordfish, a torpedo bomber. The Bismarck had massive antiaircraft capabilities. Therefore the Swordfish had to attack AT NIGHT. They flew in the dark right above the water, locating the Bismarck with radar. A single torpedo from a Swordfish hit the Bismarck, jamming the rudder so that the battleship could go only in a circle. The next morning, the British battleships and cruisers rained shells onto the Bismarck. It took only 30 minutes to put all the German guns out of action. Since the Germ,ans refused to surrender, the British used torpedoes. The Bismarck keeled over and sank at 10:39 am. Of the crew, 2200 were killed and 113 survived. The ship turned upside down, and all the guns fell off. Then it righted itself and settled on the bottom. So yeah, the Democratic party is steaming in a circle because of a jammed rudder. And the Swordfish are on their way... "
" FUNNY YOU SHOULD ASK. Mahmoud Abbas is spending $13 million on his house. Money can't buy taste. Hamas's Ismail Haniya (right) on his private jet, with a private chocolate cake just him. He's covered with a blanket because his private diabetes makes his legs cold. Anyone who feels sorry for the Palestinians is an imbecile..."
" How brilliant are the Saudis? THIS brilliant. The most important part is the last paragraph. I told you they'd do this. They're reforming while saying, ""We aren't reforming! You're crazy!"" In order to repel external influence demanding change, the Saudis are instituting earth shattering change. They are NOT dumping sharia law, as westerners demanded. They are REDEFINING sharia law. Here's the proof: This change guarantees ""the right of women to have a flexible and safe working environment, as permitted by Shariah."" Well, let's be honest: A strict interpretation of sharia law requires that women stay home. That's reality. But this change was made in order to alleviate UNEMPLOYMENT OF WOMEN. ""The work of women in the General Presidency will be in the field of dissemination of science and awareness.” Two days ago we had the first Saudi woman named to a senior government post. Now we have women as religious authorities. When women are fully emancipated, they'll already have POWER. There was a 40-year gap between the US giving women the vote and the equal rights of women becoming an issue. When Saudi women are fully emancipated, they'll already be RUNNING THE COUNTRY. So don't ever tell me again that the Saudis are backward. This is stunning genius on all levels."
" is a cheap fake. He's got everything except ""I love Trump!"" tattooed on his forehead. He sends me a Bill Clinton-style parsing tweet designed to do nothing except put me on the defensive. A real person wouldn't actually take the time to do this. The reason leftists can't hide themselves is that they're addicted to cross examination. They're strictly about words, so they demand endless justifying of your words. Here's where he gives himself away. Nobody real talks like this. I made a video about these fake Trump supporters. These guys are all mass produced. They express themselves identically because they're part of a cult. Fake Trump supporters are themselves inconsequential, so they think someone like ME is consequential. This guy is totally wasting his time on multiple levels. Not a single person is going to read his tweets and think, ""By Jingo, HE'S RIGHT! Thomas Wictor is only making assumptions!"" I write for people SMART ENOUGH to understand that OF COURSE I'm making assumptions. But to leftists, words are the only thing that matters. So fake Trump supporters think that by pointing out the obvious, they're going to ""turn people against"" me. Everything is political to them. So anyway, I just wanted to show you how to tell the fakes from the real ones. Real Trump supporters don't get off on verbal masturbation. ""I thought you were the intellectual guy."" That's pure leftism. Leftist Beta males are bitchy. Did I ever say I was the intellectual guy? You know who ISN'T an intellectual? Someone who writes ""Gulog."" In his fake Trump support, he's posing as a guy who minimizes Hitler's atrocities. GET IT?! 'Cause Trump supporters are NAZIS! This is a leftist. Come on. ADDENDUM: This guy is pure comedy gold. Every single thing I say he'll do? He immediately does it. He's angry at me because I don't put, ""Pardon me for making this assumption, but unless I'm completely mistaken, I think it may be possible--in my own opinion--that--"" in front of every sentence. That makes him pissed off. WHY? Because like ALL Beta males, he lacks the BALLS to simply speak his mind. AND YET you can BET THE FARM that he houses millions of assumptions under his greasy hair. His problem is that he feels IMPOTENT. He's AFRAID to be held responsible. So what's his solution? MAKE ALL MEN IMPOTENT. This is TWITTER, you oleaginous prig. Take what I say, or leave it. I'm not in a million years going to change the way I speak just so limp-noodled little fellas like you feel better about themselves. Am I getting through to you? Are things clear now, between you and me...?"
" Everybody needs to stop tweeting me this. You're acting like a ball of sardines. They panic in perfect unison. You're all wasting my time by forcing me to do your thinking for you. The mass murderer had been through SIX Code Reds, meaning shooting drills. A Code Red requires that the school go on lockdown. All the doors are closed. So what did the mass murderer do? He pulled a fire alarm. ""But fire alarms went off, overriding the Code Red."" The mass murderer knew that when he began shooting, the school would go into lockdown, and his target would be protected. So he OVERRODE the Code Red by pulling the fire alarm and forcing the cancellation of the lockdown. DON'T SEND ME ANY MORE CONSPIRACY TWEETS. I will block you. Every claim you're making is FALSE. I'm not here to hold the hands of childish adults who refuse to think. NO MORE CONSPIRACY TWEETS. I will instantly block you. And now, let the blocking begin..."
" brought my attention to this. I never served in the armed forces. The reason is that I knew that I was unfit to serve. Those who DO make it are a special breed. The reason that the US military went to an all-volunteer force is that conscripts simply aren't as good as those who choose freely. Salcido says, ""They’re the frickin’ lowest of the low,” referring to members of the military. Actually, no. I live among the lowest of the low. California has made this state the lowest of the low. I never have a moment's peace in my city. Never. There's only one house on my street with a family that doesn't cause trouble. They fly a large United States Marine Corps flag from their porch. My brother is currently in Las Vegas, fixing up our house. When it's ready, I'll move there, and then my brother will ship what needs to be shipped, and then he'll sell everything else. We've given up on our original plan, because we simply can't stand living in California anymore. In my city, people fire off stadium-level skyrockets almost every night. I hear major car accidents almost every night. We recently became a proud sanctuary city, and crime immediately skyrocketed. The Mexican cartels have arrived; we've had our first beheadings and our first dismembering. LAPD Chief Charlie Beck is taking early retirement. Would you trust this guy on any level? Our governor is now the perfect face of corrupt politics. Everything is there: bitterness, hate, arrogance, elitism, and negativity. The Silicon Valley oligarchs are in total control of the Democratic party. They want the country to be San Francisco, where they use steam cleaners every night to wash away the human feces, urine, vomit, and blood from the streets. I got a call from the California Republican Party. In California, the GOP chooses which members will vote for the Democratic agenda to make sure it passes. Then all the others pretend to oppose it. In California, you buy politicians with food, booze, and sex. I don't get that. Eating, drinking, and shtupping are easily accomplished on your own. I guess it comes down to what a famous comedian told me as he stuffed his face in the VIP room of the House of Blues: ""The best food is FREE food!"" Did you know that California celebrities steal everything in sight? A photographer used his father's Wold War II bomber jacket on an actor during a shoot, and the actor walked off with it. The photographer had to accept it because he wanted to keep working. California celebrities demand money and other things in order to appear at fundraisers for charities. One obese has-been demanded and got a Harley-Davidson motorcycle as her price. And California celebrities demand huge fees to perform for the troops overseas. I hate it here. My brother tells me that Nevada is incredible. I can't wait. California can rot. I'm not spending my final years in a madhouse, full of maniacs who violently oppose all improvement. The grim, ugly, combative face of California. Vete a la verga, Gregory..."
" Graphic but not horrible video from Syria. TOTAL playacting. These guys set a world record for takbirs (Allahh akbar). The untrained Assad forces set up a temporary bridge to cross a stream. It got hit by an air strike. That's why one tank is upside down. The jihadists salvaged the other tank. None of the fallen Assad forces are armed. The guys who ACTUALLY did the fighting removed their weapons. Professionals collect weapons immediately. Also the Assad forces have been dead for a while. At most, the jihadists shot five survivors who tried to make a run for it. This is the damndest thing: Why do these oafs keep fighting? Drugs have a lot to do with it. All sides take speed. This guy is totally high. Another one. He looks like a Neanderthal. Here's the air strike that took out the bridge and the tanks. These cavemen edited the footage to conceal the timing of everything. Looks like multiple air strikes. Three at least. These clowns are hiding in mud while others stop the Assad forces. See, Assad and the Russians are blowing the hell out Ghouta, so that means that the untrained Assad cannon fodder have to be stopped. At this point in the war, the jihadists aren't a factor. They make videos and caper. That's all. But the Russians and the Shi'ite Foreign Legion that Iran put together still pose a huge threat to civilians. So they have to be killed. I couldn't tell you if the mullahs, Putin, Hezbollah, and Assad are in touch with reality. They simply can't win. The world just saw what American air power and artillery can do to a Russian armored assault battalion that has its own artillery. We wiped out the entire unit, almost to a man. That's VERY hard to do. See, NOW I understand the jihadists: They're just putting on a show in order to attract followers. These are religious groups, for the most part. Fighting is secondary. But I don't understand the others. It could be that the mullahs, Putin, Hezbollah, and Assad are simply playacting too, but sending men out to die in the process. The jihadists aren't dying. They aren't even dirty. So what we saw here was GCC air strikes and a ground assault to stop these murderous idiots from going into Ghouta, and then the clean cavemen took credit. Like I said: It's the damndest thing. Maybe everybody is just too high to stop right now..."
" The likely next phase, after the Islamic State loses the Middle East. I believe that the Muslim Coalition Against Terrorism--some 34 nations--will offer help. Will Europe accept it? Not initially. Let me explain why I say that the commandos of the Muslim Coalition are the best soldiers in human history. When the Saudi-led coalition began an air campaign against the Houthis and Saleh loyalists in Yemen, something incredible happened. The Houthis swept the entire length of Yemen from north to South, chasing the government into Aden. Eastern Yemen was/is held by al-Qaeda. The government fled to Saudi Arabia. In the entire country, there were only two pockets of resistance against the Houthis and their allies. Little Aden and Crater. In May of 2015, SOMEBODY landed fewer than fifty men described as ""Arab special forces."" They split into two groups. The people in Little Aden and Crater were government-loyal army, separatists of the Southern Front, and armed civilians. One group of special forces organized the resistance, while the other--about 15 men--took on over 40,000 Houthis. Those 15 men were armed with shoulder-fired rockets. They fought the Houthis for two months without suffering casualties. On August 4, 2015, THOUSANDS of armored vehicles broke out of Aden. Those are actually Emirati vehicles. There were tanks, infantry fighting vehicles, armored personnel carriers, MRAPs, and self-propelled artillery. MRAPs are ""mine-resistant ambush protected vehicles."" Somehow the Saudis and their allies carried out the largest amphibious landing in the history of the Middle East--unobserved. The rumor is that the Saudis built a temporary port, landed the vehicles, and dismantled the port. In one night. No photos, no video, and no satellite imagery exists of the landing. So I started studying the armed forces of the Middle East. Everywhere I looked, I saw incredible skill, advanced weaponry, and MASSIVE military deception. Just one example: A commando in Iraq. The man in the middle. See the tight clothing and the bulges on his thighs, chest, and shoulders? He's wearing a whole-body compression suit. The suit will stop bleeding. And he's wearing liquid body armor. ""Non-Newtonian"" material. The body armor is soft until a bullet hits it. Then the molecules interlock and go rigid for an instant. The commando also has a ballistic face mask. The Iraqis freed 400,000+ human shields. None of the Islamic State tunnels in Iraq and Syria have worked. What's happening is that men who can't be killed are going underground and massacring the enemy. That underground complex in Syria is astonishing. Look at the prefabricated walls and roof. Where did they get those? Think about it. How were those parts trucked in? Assad let it happen. So did Turkey. Assad and Turkey are part of the dead past. Those tunnels FAILED because men wearing liquid body armor went into them. I don't think the Europeans are up to the job when it comes to fighting terrorists. But if Europe accepts help, then the terrorists will be totally and utterly defeated. Guaranteed."
" This will get you blocked. DO NOT TAG ME INTO horse manure like this. Let me explain. If people on Twitter know about this, it means that the US government knows about it. Therefore, that means it doesn't exist. We aren't little kids who let the Rothschilds blackmail us. In the REAL world, we forced Israel to do what WE WANTED. ALL THE TIME. 1991 1994 2004 2006 2008 2009 2012 2014 That's off the top of my head. Internalize THIS: I HATE PEOPLE WHO TALK ABOUT THE ROTHSCHILDS. Does that upset you? Too bad. There's more. I HATE PEOPLE WHO ACCUSE ISRAEL OF CONTROLLING THE US. I hate your guts. I want you parachuted into Gaza. I'm not saying ""Don't talk about this utterly insane, evil, vacuous horseshit."" I'm saying, ""I'M NOT THE RIGHT GUY TO ROPE INTO you talk about this this utterly insane, evil, vacuous horseshit. Happy Hanukkah... "
" Politics. has been one of my heroes for over twenty years. The reason she's one of my heroes is that she does everything on her own terms without being a diva. And she always wins. She overcomes adversity without being bitter. She set a great example for me. I knew that Roseanne is leftist. It never occurred to me to make that an issue. We began communicating because of our shared interests and our support for Israel. So politics never entered into it. So Roseanne is a Trump supporter, BUT. If she WEREN'T, and if she and I still didn't discuss politics, everything would be fine. It's not necessary that she and I think alike. In fact what I find most rewarding about her is the DIFFERENCES. Because she ALWAYS makes me think. I had a social-media DISASTER one night. I can't even remember how it started, but suddenly I was in a fight with some guy. There was something about him that made me want to REALLY pound on him. This rarely happens. The people who want to fight with are usually gutless and boring. THIS GUY was intelligent and REALLY INTO IT. Like, he wanted us to be in a bar somewhere, knocking home runs off each other's chins, like in a John Wayne movie. He was really BUTCH. That's the best way to put it: He was an Alpha male who wanted to trade body blows. So we went at it, really insulting each other. It went on for a couple of hours. He was getting the better of me, intellectually. Pointing out inconsistencies and weaknesses. So finally I looked at his page and saw this photo. SURPRISE! Guess whose better half he is? I've never been more AGHAST in my life. So I deleted all the tweets, apologized to the guy, and told Roseanne what had happened. ""I had no idea who he is. Please tell him I'm sorry,"" I said. ""Aaaaa, forget it,"" she said. ""It's Twitter."" And all was well! But it taught me something: SELF-CONTROL. I can admit this: I wanted to get the guy because he argued like...MY FATHER. It's not HIS fault that I reacted the way I did. And that was the last time I ever had a long fight with a stranger on Twitter. So THANK YOU, Johnny. I grew up a little. And of course, thank YOU, Roseanne, for your graciousness. I've never felt like a bigger fool. Seriously..."
" Let's nip this narrative in the bud. ""Today the leader of a white nationalist fringe group confirmed that Cruz was a member, and that his group had given Cruz training."" ""The Republic of Florida, as they’re called, are 'a white civil rights organization fighting for white Identitarian politics, And (sic) the ultimate creation of a white ethnostate,' according to its website."" ""In a since-deleted video uploaded by the group’s leader, Jordan Jereb, a masked man stands in front of a Republic of Florida banner and claims that 'we’ve made rapid advancements in the stockpile of many supplies—not just food—and I’ll let you use your imagination.'"" Sounds pretty bad, huh? Not so fast. ""It seems the normie-level memes and poor attempts to offend did little to raise the notoriety the RoF clearly craved. In 2014, the Southern Poverty Law Center noted:"" ""Jereb was a weird character even in the extremist underworld to which he so badly wanted to belong."" ""While almost every neo-Nazi, militiaman, nativist and racist despises the Intelligence Report, Jereb wanted desperately to be mentioned in these pages. He flooded us with pleas for attention."" Here's the original SPLC report. ""Jordan Jereb, the head of the Republic of Florida (ROF), a would-be militia made up of kids barely old enough to buy guns, was missing. He was a no-show for an interview we had scheduled with him in August."" Jereb had been posting an onslaught of videos for months. Filming with a handful of high school friends, Jereb and company had warned of a tyrannical global power running the world, instructed viewers on knife fighting and emergency “bug out” bags —"" ""And more than a few videos showed Jereb rolling down hills in what was supposed to be a demonstration of paramilitary tactics and training."" It's a very small band of losers. And yet... ""Jereb said he didn't know Cruz personally and that 'he acted on his own behalf of what he just did and he's solely responsible for what he just did.'"" Today I'm going to take another vacation from Twitter. Everybody's letting me down. Only a handful of people are passing tests of character. Those of you using your Websites to publicize the mass murderer? You fail. Those of you screeching about ""false flags"" and ""second gunmen""? You fail. Those of you demanding more gun control? You fail. Most importantly, those of you who latched on to Trump in order to spread your brain-dead anime-based assholism? You fail the most. I hate the fact that people associate me with you. This is another setback that Trump will have to overcome. His job is hard enough, given the hostile press and the bipartisan ruling class. But his ""allies""--the Pepe the Frog lovers and ""citizen journalists"" are even worse. The next couple of days will be nothing but ritualized hysteria, insanity, negativity, and stupidity. I have better things to do than subject myself to that. Today started out badly because I used to follow the antics of the Australian animal Gary the Goat. Well, the way Gary's funny owners showed us that he'd died was by posting a video of him being skinned and gutted. Wasn't that funny? I am NOT A fan of humans as a group. I like only individuals. When humans embrace everything negative, I take a break. Right now, the piggish self-indulgence and lack of self-control are too much. Get it out of your system in an orgy of ritualized stupidity. I'll be back later... UPDATE: This is why I stayed off Twitter all day. I can see the truth as others get bogged down in bullshit rituals. I told you hours ago that the story was horse manure. The ""group"" is nothing but a handful of losers playacting. The press lies, social media lies, everyone gets hysterical, and then they all ritualize. Together. Right wing and left wing are symbiotic. They need each other to exist..."
" More evidence that regime change in Iran has begun. ""In a statement carried by Saudi media, the coalition said the oil tanker was in international waters when it came under 'Houthi-Iranian attack' at around 1330 local time (1030 GMT)."" The Iranian mullahs are flailing desperately. These wildly escalated attacks are an attempt to ward off the inevitable. Saudi Arabia has said that the message of Islam has been delivered, and the previous phase of the religion is over. Now--the Saudis say--Muslims will fight those who attempt to impose Islam on non-Muslims by force. Don't forget: Saudi Arabia leads the Muslim Coalition of 40 nations. That Coalition has been training intensively. So whatever happens to the mullahs will be the work of Iranians, with Muslim help, and support from the US. In the past, these changes took place over decades or centuries. Now, they're happening in months, weeks, days, and even hours. The increasingly reckless action from the Iranian mullahs shows that the military operation to change the regime has begun... ADDENDUM: The US explains why we'll support regime change in Iran. ""A significant portion of global trade moves through the Bab al-Mandab every day, including key energy and food supplies."" ""The Iranian regime continues to perpetuate the conflict and provide destabilizing weapons to the Houthis."" In other words, regime change in Iran is a matter of US national security. The ""appropriate time"" is fast approaching... "
" This is great. Fatboy can't figure out why his ancient BS isn't working. A message to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea: It's extremely stupid of you to make enemies of both Donald Trump AND Mohammed bin Salman. Either man on his own is capable of things YOU people can't imagine. But you made enemies of them BOTH. At the SAME TIME. I watched the video of your troops shooting the poor worm-man. Your equipment is sixty years out of date. This is body armor from the Korean War. Your men run like little girls. I've read that you guys call THIS a ""stealth aircraft."" You're off your rockers. The An-2 would have the radar signature of the Empire State Building. You guys need to research ""Operation Praying Mantis."" See, Iran playacts the way you guys do. You have biplanes, and Iran has flying aquatic lawn mowers. The Iranians say that their lawn mowers will sink American aircraft carriers by overwhelming their defenses. But guess what? If we go to war with Iran, we'll bomb the LAWN-MOWER HANGERS FIRST. The swarm of lawn mowers won't even get into the air. That's why I told you to research Operation Praying Mantis. The Iranians sent a fleet of speedboats, and we dropped Rockeye cluster munitions on them. The speedboats didn't get anywhere near the carrier. You and the Iranians don't actually seem to KNOW anything. In World War I, the French went into combat wearing red pants. ""Our spirit and the bayonet will lead us to victory!"" they said. They actually attempted bayonet charges against machine guns and artillery. Guess what happened? The French took 85,000 casualties in four days. Iran and North Korea are wearing red pants. Want to hear an IRANIAN joke? Q: Why does the new Iranian navy have glass-bottomed ships? A: So the sailors can see the OLD Iranian navy. The Iranians started telling that joke in 1988. Do North Koreans have a macabre sense of humor? Because you're going to need one. You really, really will..."
" I'm going to end my night with a request: Don't send me anything that talks about the Rothschilds. You can believe whatever you want. But when people start talking about the Rothschilds, it really pisses me off. I'M not the guy to include in such discussions. Trump pulled off his omnibus magic with the help of Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell. Secret patriots fighting the Rothchilds had nothing to do with it. You need to accept once and for all that I'm not part of this group. I'm not part of ANY group. Let me tell you why: Because groups always have to have a target. I've been a target my entire life, which is why I'm a hermit. ""Rothschilds"" is another way of saying ""Jews."" You can hate the Jews all you want. Just don't tell ME about it. I'm a big fan of the Jewish people. That doesn't mean I'm a Philosemite or whatever other insult you want to toss in my direction. When I say I'm a fan of the JEWISH PEOPLE, that doesn't mean I automatically love every Jewish person. But I don't want to get messages about how the Rothschilds are going down. This is medieval European peasant-talk. THIS thing made me sick. People made excuses for the cartoonist, but I never looked at anything the son of a bitch did again. Doesn't he know that Soros helped the Nazis round up Jews? And the reality is that McMaster guided Trump through the neutralizing of North Korea's nuclear threat. I don't know if this will ever be publicized. Probably NOT, because we need to keep our capabilities secret. So YOU can believe whatever you want. Just leave ME out of any talk of how the patriots are going to deal with the Rothschilds. That just reminds me of this. Trump is doing things in entirely new way. I don't want to hear slogans from 1933. It's an entirely new world. All this old shit has to be BURIED. Again, YOU can send each other messages about the Rothschilds. But don't include me. Trump is succeeding beyond my wildest fantasies. We're on a rocket-ride of improvement. So when I suddenly get a tweet about the Rothschilds, it's as if someone at table vomited on his plate and then just kept on talking. If you enjoy my tweets, the price is you have to EXCLUDE ME from any discussion about the Rothschilds. And listen: I mean ANY DISCUSSION. If I get tweets that start, ""Well what about--"" this is what YOU'LL get. It's not too much to ask that you REFRAIN. I'm not telling you to DO something; I'm ASKING that you NOT do something. Now we understand each other. And that's a good thing..."
" This is all theoretical, so nobody has to tell me, ""This is all theoretical."" IF--and that's a BIG IF--this is regime change, here's what came before it. The alliance between the Houthis and Ali Abdullah Saleh was destroyed. As a result, the Houthis are greatly weakened. The Houthi missile depots and factories in Saada, Yemen, were destroyed. Nikki Haley showed the world that Iran was supplying ballistic missiles to the Houthis. The US has never before put on such a demonstration. Prime Minister Hariri of Lebanon is now speaking out forcefully against Hezbollah, and the US is transferring advanced weaponry to Lebanon. We're giving them weapons only Saudi Arabia has. Trump recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, causing a furor. The ""Axis of Resistance"" was formed, consisting of Iran, Syria, Hezbollah, and Hamas. They're all looking at Jerusalem now. The Israelis say that Iran has completely pulled out of Syria. The US says that Assad has stopped fighting jihadist terrorists. The Shi'ite Foreign Legion is massing in the Golan Heights. The Saudis said that they won't wait for attacks on Saudi Arabia but will instead work to ensure instability in Iran. The Houthis are being rolled up in Yemen. So it seems to me that a lot was done to expose Iran, manipulate Iran, and render Iran less dangerous. Seems like the perfect opportunity for regime change..."
" WHOA! Talk about CHANGE. Who else but ME would see this? ""The UN and human rights groups in both Israel and Gaza are now calling for an investigation into the deaths, as are some family members of those killed — but Israel’s defense minister said on Sunday that there wouldn’t be one."" GOOD. IDF rules of engagement are the most restrictive on the planet. This was 30,000 Palestinians rioting in six places along the border with Israel. When they began throwing Molotov cocktails, GUESS WHAT? They got their asses SHOT DEAD. So what? ""We love death!"" they always screech. Okay. THEN HAVE SOME DEATH. This is not a problem. It's DARWINISM. This is the first time in Israel's history that the military police will not investigate the use of deadly force. The IDF has adopted rules of engagement that ALL OTHER COUNTRIES IN THE WORLD use. This means that Israel is finally telling the world to shove it. GOOD. A sea change is has taken place. Israeli leftists are moaning about the great victory given to Hamas. Well, give them MORE victories. They love death! I'm a firm believer in giving people what they work so hard to get..."
" He wrote a novel called The Stand, about the world after a bioweapon kills 99 percent of humanity. It's a showdown between good and evil. Half of the survivors gather around Mother Abigail, and half gather around the Walkin' Dude. An ALMOST brilliant book. The problem with it is that it tries too hard to be clever. You're usually aware that you're READING. And a lot of it makes no sense at all. But King was really upset that his editor cut out almost 25 percent. So King had it republished with all the material originally edited out. GUESS WHAT? It has a defecation, urination, or flatulence reference ON EVERY PAGE. It's a frenzy--an ORGY--of toilet obsession. I've never seen anything like it. The pooping, peeing, and farting got so intrusive that I gave up reading and just skimmed to make sure that I wasn't imagining things. Yup. EVERY PAGE. So now we know what's on his mind every second of his waking hours..."
" Why am I not a ""forgiving"" person? James Venables (left). Venables and Robert Thompson committed murder when they were both ten. I'll spare you the details. Suffice to say, the victim was defenseless. This was first-degree murder with multiple special circumstances. They knew EXACTLY what they were doing. There's video of them choosing their victim. Actually, you should know his name: James Bulger, age two. You don't need to know what they did to him. The two murderers were kept in custody until they were 18, and then they were released with knew identities. GUESS WHAT? Venables has been arrested TWICE for possessing violent, illegal images of children. He will commit murder again. Why is it controversial to say, ""These two deserve to be in prison for the rest their lives""? WHY were they given a second chance. THEY KNEW EXACTLY WHAT THEY WERE DOING. And Venables is gearing up to doing it again. I can see it. The British authorities refuse to see it, because they have adopted arbitrary rules that defy all morality and common sense. Western society twists itself into knots worrying about criminals, yet almost no thought is given to the notion of justice. I know how these people think. It's why the San Francisco jury acquitted Kate Steinle's murderer: ""Ruining someone ELSE'S life won't bring back the dead. This way, Venables can do GOOD THINGS to make up for his mistake. He can become a model citizen!"" Except that he keeps getting arrested for committing crimes that indicate his desire to kill ANOTHER defenseless person. Venables is now 34 years old. He's old enough for the authorities to see that he is a monster who must be locked up for good. When I lived in Stavanger, Norway, we used to see the Green Man. He was in his late twenties, and he dressed all in bright green. He had green glasses frames. The Green Man always stood motionless at various places in the city, leaning forward almost at the point that he would topple. His arms were always by his sides. Eventually our neighbor--a lawyer--told me that the Green Man had murdered his family with an axe when he was 14. He served ten years and was released. One night I rode my bike to see an ice skater for whom I had VERY strong feelings, which were not reciprocated. As I rode home around the lake in front of my house, sulking, I went around a bend in the path, and SURPRISE! There was the Green Man, standing in the center of the path. Blocking it. Leaning forward. Staring at me in silence. I slammed on the brakes and skidded to a stop about two feet from him. The Green Man was TREMBLING. Head to toe. So I spun around and rode away as fast as I could. It took me an extra HOUR to get home, because an insane mass murderer was blocking the path. Trembling. I told my lawyer neighbor about it, and he said this: ""We Norwegians don't believe in harsh treatment."" Doesn't an an AXE cleaving your head qualify as harsh treatment? You know what? I never again rode around the lake at night. The freedom of a demented mass murderer was more important than my quality of life. Obama and Hillary wanted us to be Europe. Get down on your knees EVERY NIGHT and thank GOD that we had the rare good sense to elect ..."
" I haven't forgotten. The same people NOW cheering General Kelly? They said he was drugging Trump. They demanded he be fired. Kelly is rightfully being cheered for putting a disgusting rodeo clown in her place. But these people spread lies about Kelly. Now they're spreading lies about the Las Vegas security guard, using a ""body language expert."" Whores. All of them. If I had a magic button that would put conspiracy theorists INTO the violence which they exploit, I would. In a SECOND. Suffering is real. The rodeo clown said, ""I'm a rock star!"" in response to John Kelly. He was talking about the dead. She responded with, ""I'm a rock star!"" Conspiracy theorists are no different than the rodeo clown. As I said, I haven't forgotten. The rodeo clown is simply the yin to the conspiracy theorist yang. At the end of Orwell's Animal farm, the animals can't tell the pigs from the humans. I can't tell conspiracy theorists from the rodeo clown. "
" asks a question. The full text of the second amendment: ""A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."" We can argue forever about the precise meaning of the Second Amendment, but instead, let's talk about militias and totalitarianism. There were several militias at Charlottesville, Virginia, on August 13, 2017. Did you see what happened? The weapons DID NOTHING. Militia members were filmed saying, ""We have to pull back."" Antifia was not deterred, because they knew that the militia would not fire on them. The militias were USELESS. The Middle East is full of ""well-regulated militias."" They have tanks, rockets, heavy machine guns... Are they keeping everyone free? What generally happens with militias is that they find state sponsors, and then they start trying to impose their political ideas on others. As we saw in Charlottesville, the militias were not will to shoot, so they may as well have not been there. That's why I'm not a fan of militias. They either become Hezbollah, or they're useless. What about the argument that we need militias to keep the government in line? Did an armed population do ANYTHING to keep Obama in line? No. Obama used nonviolent illegal actions to turn this country on its head. Who's saving us? The government is saving us. Jeff Sessions. I own firearms for one reason: to deter criminals and those who threaten me. I never go on gun discussion boards, and I never meet with other gun owners. Totalitarianism in this country will not entail confiscating firearms. Obama proved that. He proved that a rogue president CAN'T BE STOPPED. How many members of militias even KNEW what Obama was doing? See, unless people are willing to storm Washington, all those guns are useless. Antifa knew that. If Hillary had been elected and reelected, our guns would've accomplished nothing. All the government has to do is put everyone on welfare. Ship all jobs overseas and impose universal health care. Done. The US could easily have become a totalitarian state with a well-armed population. The average American would never take up arms against the government. People are stuck in the past. The future of western totalitarianism is bureaucracy, not death camps. Import a slave class that always votes for the Democrats, and that's the end. Here in SoCal, the roads are being deliberately neglected, narrowed, and torn up in order to force people to stop driving. Guns won't stop that. In San Francisco, the streets now have more bacteria than streets in African hellholes. Guns didn't stop that. I lived in five socialist countries: Venezuela, Holland, Norway, the UK, and Japan. So I always knew that guns wouldn't stop totalitarianism. Just make people dependent, and they vote it in. I own guns only to deter criminals and those who send me death threats. For me, there's no other reason to have them, because there's nothing else they can do for you..."
" shows how stupid Americans have become. This cretin thinks that potential draftees TOLD MILITARY DOCTORS that they had physical problems, and the doctors said, ""Oh. Okay."" I feel silly having to say this, but those who hate Trump are so utterly DUMB that they've made it necessary. When you reported to the Draft Board, THEY determined your fitness to serve. You underwent a physical, and the DRAFT BOARD classified you. Potential draftees were NOT ALLOWED TO CLASSIFY THEMSELVES. The DRAFT BOARD classified Trump as 4-F because A DOCTOR determined that Trump's bone spurs made him unfit to serve. And now leftists SUPPORT the Vietnam War? What changed your mind? Oh, I'm sorry: I'm misunderstood. You STILL oppose the Vietnam War, but you're using it to attack Trump. I get it now. Situational ethics. Your values CHANGES According to the perceived political gain. Merry Christmas, leftists. I already got MY present: I'm not you. Ha. ADDENDUM: It's not even Robert Mueller. MORONS. "
" Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman of Saudi Arabia. I stand by my statement that he's one of history's most significant figures. In Saudi Arabia he's called MbS, so that's what I'll call him. MbS is not explicable. He began attending cabinet meetings at the age of twelve. By his late teens, he was future King Salman's personal adviser. MbS has a master's degree in business. When King Salman was Saudi Arabia's defense minister, MbS advised him. The Saudis began a long-term plan for Syria that is stunning. Despite what everybody tells you, the Saudis never armed any Syrian rebels. That's an old-school idea that ALWAYS cause ""blowback."" The people you arm and train turn against you. We've made that mistake too many times to count. The Saudis PRETENDED to arm Syrian rebels, but the videos show that it was all a ruse. Every BGM-71 TOW missile launcher in Syria is missing the thermal sight. Without a thermal sight, it's very hard to use the weapon in dusty, smoky, foggy, or rainy conditions. What the Saudis and their allies did was attach commandos to the rebel units. The commandos fired the REAL missiles. Over a period of several years, the Saudis and their allies ""hollowed out"" the jihadist rebel groups until they existed in name only. At the same time, commandos were attached to secular rebels, fighting as members of those groups. The jihadists ceased to exist, while the secular groups got the credit for victories. Assad at this point no longer has an army. He relies on mercenary warlords. They have no military skills. Every single skilled Iranian and Hezbollah commander was killed. As a result, nobody on Assad's side can fight. The Russians stopped bombing well over a year ago. They were trying to implement the ""Algerian Strategy."" Russia bombed everyone EXCEPT the Islamic State. The goal was to make the Islamic State such a threat that everyone would choose Assad. Well, SOMEBODY carried out multiple commando raids on the Russians, destroying their aircraft and killing their leaders. The commander of the Russian advisory force was killed a month ago. Putin is stubborn. But what's happened is that the Saudis avoided every possible pitfall in Syria. There will be no massacres and no insurgency. It took six years, but the Saudis are patient. MbS is fighting at LEAST four wars simultaneously, without putting undue strain on his country's resources. He's also reforming the economy, society, and his country's religion. Nobody has ever done so much at the same time. AND he's liberating and pacifying one of the most unstable regions on earth--but humanely. MbS wants voluntary improvement. We trained the Iraqis for eight years. Their armed forces disintegrated. The Saudis transformed the Iraqi armed forces into exceptional fighters in about a year. MbS is PROBABLY the father of the Second Revolution in Military Affairs. This is the creation of strategic special forces: unconventional warriors who can win conflicts by themselves. The Saudis are very secretive about their military capabilities, but it's clear that they use two things: Extremely advanced technology and massive firepower. The days of enormous lumbering armies are over. We now have ""combined arms micro teams"" that can function separately or in concert, depending on the mission. They're essentially autonomous. Each soldier appears on a digital map, so all the micro teams can see each other. The training allows the micro teams to know when to come together and when to separate. MbS is a strategic genius far more innovative than Sun Tzu or Clausewitz. What MbS lacks is an ego that demands public accolades. That's his greatest strength. As a result, the Saudis can fight entire wars in secrecy and then give the credit to others. MbS always sees the big picture. He's never stumped. He always has an answer. No task is too daunting for him. He always wins. I have a BA in history. I've never seen anyone like this guy. His only equal is Trump. And that's why they instantly took a liking to each other. They're HOLISTIC revolutionaries. Unprecedented..."
" You're 100 percent wrong. Trump began doing business with the Saudi royal family in 1980 at the latest. If you go back to 1980, you see Trump saying all the same things he's saying today. Saudi King Faisal was assassinated on March 25, 1975. Faisal tried to institute reforms, including promoting secularism. Prince Khalid bin Musaid led violent protests against these reforms. Khalid was shot dead by a police officer when attacking a TV station. Television was considered forbidden. Faisal's assassin was Prince Khalid's nephew. So the king was assassinated in 1975, and then there was an armed uprising in 1979. The royal family adopted an extremely strict form of Islam, which kept the peace. But it turns out that the royal family was working all along to institute those reforms that began in the late 1960s. It took the Saudis decades to create armed forces and security forces that would protect the kingdom against all enemies, foreign and domestic. And SOMEHOW, the people were slowly acclimated to freedom. I think the key was sending so many Saudis abroad to study. They saw things that Saudi Arabia didn't have, and they wanted those things. So NOW, the changes will ""take."" There's no violent opposition. And the whole time, I'm POSITIVE that the Saudis were in contact with Trump. When King Salman took the throne on January 23, 2015, he told Trump, ""Okay: We're ready. Please become president."" Trump announced his candidacy on June 16, 2015. This is the only explanation for the astonishing welcome that the Saudis gave Trump. They were THANKING him. So yes, Trump IS that smart. Absolutely. Guaranteed..."
" I understand why leftists for for Trump's tweets, but there's no excuse for conservatives to set their hair on fire. None of you do any research. Lawyers can't do this. The Inspector General is FAR MORE powerful than any DOJ lawyer. Trump is using strategic deception. Giving the case to Horowitz ASSURES indictments. I have to tell you people that I'm sick of your learned helplessness. SNAP OUT OF IT. When something happens, RESEARCH IT YOURSELF. Stop relying on bloggers and fat TV pundits. They just want to panic you so that you'll become addicted to them. You're becoming bipolar, just like the stock market. I HATE investors, because--like you and like sardine balls--they all do the same frigging thing without using their brains. Did you know that stress hormones cause plaque buildup in your coronary arteries? So you're letting fat, lying, WEALTHY TV pundits and bloggers actually shorten your lifespans. They don't care. Now, I care about you SOMEWHAT, even though you make it goddam hard. I don't want you abused by people who know better. That doesn't mean I want to marry you, though. Just IGNORE THE DOOM CRIERS, and recognize that Trump is tweeting for IDIOTS. Don't be one of those idiots... ADDENDUM: First tweet: FALL for, not ""for for."" ""He my for-for, and she my more-more. We happy family. This my doh-doh. He name Doh-Doh."" "
" I will again use as an example of how morally and intellectually bankrupt the arguments against are. I didn't wake up one morning and think to myself, ""Hey! I'm going to defend Roy Moore, even though I know nothing about him!"" When the first accusations against Roy Moore surfaced, I didn't think anything. Since I didn't know anything about Roy Moore, I had no way of knowing if the accusations were true. Remember, these were MILD. Then suddenly there was the most horrific piling on I've ever seen. Pure mob mentality. ""BURN HIM! BURN HIM NOW!"" This made me very angry, because I have history of being singled out and attacked by mobs. So I began to research Roy Moore. I learned that in over forty years of making VERY powerful enemies, Roy Moore had never been accused ANYTHING like this. NEVER. I researched the judge all the way to his childhood. NOTHING. No sign of ANYTHING to back up the accusations. The judge was a global celebrity in 2003 to 2005. He got people elected. Hundreds of millions of people hated him. NONE OF THOSE ENEMIES accused him of anything improper. Roy Moore's personal history is one of incredible elf-control and discipline. The accusations painted a picture of a man completely out of control. Here's what I had: Forty years of history that showed Roy Moore to be one man. Ten days of reports showing him to be the opposite. ""What if you're wrong""? Well, what if YOU'RE wrong? In THIS ONE CASE, I need MUCH MORE than accusations. This is not the average man. He's shown himself to be QUITE exceptional, on pretty much all levels. The yearbook was forged. The three main accusers told stories that totally fell apart under scrutiny. The mall manager says there was no ban. There's only one reason why I'm defending Roy Moore: His record convinced me that he's innocent. So ""What if you're wrong?"" doesn't mean anything to me. I studied Roy Moore. YOU didn't. My guess is that anybody who studies Roy Moore would come away believing him to be innocent. The reason I'm defending him is that he is NOT a typical politician. He's a man whose record convinced me that he's not capable of behaving in the way his accusers claim. We are not required to automatically err on the side of accusers. If a man has a FORTY YEAR clean slate, his accusers must give me more than just accusations. And the FACT that Gloria Allred put on ANOTHER entirely scripted performance indicates that this was a political hit job. Gloria's press conferences are utterly ritualized. They mean nothing. I have to tell you that when a woman says, ""I had tears running down my face,"" I get suspicious. It's what a lawyer would tell a client to say. Women aren't the only people who can be violently sexually assaulted. Victims of violent sexual assault can discuss their experiences calmly, without embellishments designed to elicit pity. My support of Roy Moore says NOTHING about the issue of sexual assault. It says I support and defend Roy Moore because HE IS INNOCENT. That's all. So stop trying to change my mind. I spent three solid days--18 hours a day--researching Roy Moore. YOU didn't do that. He's innocent, and he'll make a fine senator. End of story."
" A tweet from . The question is ""What do we do?"" The answer: Nothing. Steven Bannon AND every living Trump use Sun Tzu's The Art of War as their manual. Go back to the election: Trump asked Jared Kushner for a strategy to win. Kushner had no experience in politics, but he worked out a way to get the highest return on investment (ROI) for each dollar spent. He pursued ELECTORAL VOTES, not the popular vote. The three elements of the Trump strategy was Kushner, the RNC ground game, and Trump's personal appearances. We didn't know about this until AFTER the election. No leaks. Remember all the negativity surrounding the Trump campaign? They were all disillusioned, they had no plan, Trump was staggering around with a Big Mac stuffed in his mouth, every pro in the country was laughing... It was all STRATEGIC DECEPTION. Here's what you need to understand about how delegation works: TRUMP DOESN'T KNOW WHAT THE SUBORDINATE IS DOING. From Sun Tzu: ""The ultimate in disposing one's troops is to be without ascertainable shape. Then the most penetrating spies cannot pry in nor can the wise lay plans against you."" I don't know what's going on between Trump and Bannon. But I'm not worried. EARNED my trust long, long ago. He PROVED himself to be so far above his opponents that it freed me from paying attention to politics. I delegated politics to Donald Trump. Now I'm free to concentrate on what I REALLY like, which is military issues. Lindsay Graham said that General Mattis called Trump to ask for permission to move 50 men into a village. ""Why are you calling me?"" Trump asked. ""Because that's how it's always been done,"" Mattis said. ""I don't know where this village is,"" Trump said. ""Who's asking to move the troops?"" ""A west Point graduate."" ""Well, why would you think I know more about it than he does?"" Trump asked. THAT is delegation. If you delegate FOR REAL, it means you put the issue out of your mind because you TRUST the other person to get the job done. I've delegated politics to Donald Trump. That means I trust him to get the job done. I'm not even following the latest kerfuffle. Why would people think I know more about politics than Donald Trump does? When you delegate, that means you let go. I let go of politics after Trump was elected and then defeated the Jill Stein recount scam. THAT was brilliance on a level I'd never seen in my life. I will say THIS: Trump is sure doing tons of attention-getting stuff. I never forget THIS for even a second... "
" ""Uncle Trump."" ""Donald the Strong."" ""Grand Commander."" ""He’s real, unlike other politicians.” “Long live Emperor Trump!” ""Mr. Trump’s Chinese fans praise his irrepressible style, his skill as an entertainer and his willingness to say what he thinks."" ""Many also like the fact that he seems less inhibited than previous American presidents about recognizing China as a superpower and as an equal on the global stage."" ""They say Mr. Trump has changed the tone of America’s conversation with China. “'People are sort of tired of listening to that criticism,” said Xu Qinduo, a political commentator for China Radio International in Beijing. 'Now we can talk to each other.'” Here's how it goes with Trump: First, Democrats, Republicans, and the press attack Trump for not saying something or for saying something wrong. Second, Trump sticks to his guns. Third, Trump is proven right. Repeat 500,000 times until January 20, 2025, when President Pence is sworn in."
" Check it out: They put the REAL news in the very last paragraph. ""'But he did know about the general arrangement that Michael would take care of things like this. I take care of things like this for my clients,' Giuliani said. 'I don’t burden them with every single thing that comes along. These are busy people.'"" Trump was asked if he knew about Cohen paying $130,000 to Stormy Daniels. He said no. Cohen made the payment and then billed the Trump organization. So obviously Trump didn't know about it. ""TRUMP LIED!"" No. It just wasn't important enough for him to know about it. Since Giulliani was obviously given the go-ahead to talk about this, I wonder what's happening in the world. Let's see if we can find out, right now, in real time. Okay. Here's one thing. The Houthis had a minefield five miles deep around the city, and they had artillery in the mountains to fire down at the civilians if the Yemeni army approached. This interesting. It says that the offensive is a counterattack. That means the Houthis were lured into attacking. Most people don't study the military, but the COUNTERATTACK is more important than an attack. You can inflict FAR more casualties on the enemy during a counterattack than during an attack. The Yemeni Army used ""elastic defense."" When the Houthis attacked, the Yemeni center fell back, luring the Houthis into a trap. Elastic defense allows you to hit the enemy's flanks. The flanks are very vulnerable. Let's look for more world news. WELL, WELL, WELL. We hit the mother lode. You think Iranian women are doing this to watch SOCCER GAMES? More Beta Testing. Women will take an active part in the KINETIC phase of the revolution. They've just proven that they can get past the guards. A man goes in and then becomes a woman. Who can hide anything under her modest clothing. Brilliant. I'll take time out to mock deranged self-hating Israeli Gideon Levy. Israel is worse than Iran. Sure. That's why Levy lives in Israel, not Iran. A parade for Gideon Levy and all Israelis like him. WHOA! The Afghan Air Force is using Super Tucanos! Yup. That's Afghan national insignia. They have 23 of them! Wow. I had no idea. So there's tons going on. Giulliani was obviously told to create the latest non-story. And the press is obliging. I honestly had no idea that Trump would totally control the press for his entire presidency. But that's what he'll do! Stunning... ADDENDUM: Taking a second look at this photo of an Iranian woman disguised as a man, do you think it's a coincidence that every single man around her is looking sharply in a different direction? The mother of all Beta Tests. An entire soccer-stadium crowd rehearsing... ADDENDUM TWO: Reminds me of this Iraqi video. This ""guy"" has VERY smoky eyes and quite a shapely caboose. For a guy... "
" Here's what James Mattis is talking about. This caption is not correct. This is the AGM-114 Hellfire missile. When used as an antipersonnel weapon, the missile is fitted with a ""fragmentation sleeve."" The sleeve is scored by a laser to create razor-sharp diamonds with the warhead explodes. Here's a Hellfire hitting. See the puffs of dust from the fragments hitting the ground? Here's the missile that hit the terrorist sniper. It's much smaller than a Hellfire. Also, the warhead produced no fragments. The sniper was killed with blast effect. This is a new munition, a ""low yield"" fuel-air explosive (FAE) designed specifically for urban combat. It looks to me that the British Reaper filmed the strike, while somebody else fired the munition."
" Here's how Twitter works. My account was limited because I used a Jew-hater's own words back at him. See the rules? ""You may not harass other people on the basis of disability."" Here's a tweet from , who knows that I take medication for PTSD. Any repercussions for Jay? OF COURSE NOT! I support Trump, so that makes my PTSD fair game for Jay and everybody else. See, PTSD is funny! Let me show you what happened to me, Jay. You'll laugh yourself sick. I'm the guy in the shell hole. Copper. That's what human brains taste like. But I wasn't a soldier. I was in kindergarten. At any rate, Twitter shows us who is valued and who can be assaulted at will. It just strengthens my support for ... ADDENDUM: No funny comments from . I wonder why not? PTSD is HILARIOUS! Maybe Jay feels something new: shame. That would be a start, Jay. When you feel shame, it lights a fire under you to improve. If everybody improves, then we all benefit, regardless of our beliefs. It's clear that Twitter is beyond salvation. When confronted with their utterly depraved double standard, they simply clam up and wait for you to go away. But Jay may change how he does things. Sometimes it takes a sledgehammer. I'm not afraid to wield one. People need to shape up... ADDENDUM TWO: First Jay called me a Jew, and then he lied about his meds comment, saying it hasw NOTHING to do with the fact that I take meds. AND Twitter left the comment alone. So Twitter rules apply only if the target of harassment is a leftist. If you support Trump and have PTSD, Twitter says, ""Go for it!"" That's all right. I like to know who I'm really dealing with..."
" Aha! I was right again. Here's what'll happen: Russia will leave, and then Syria will have elections. My theory is that Assad's forces were ""hollowed out"" and no longer exist. He'll either leave or get voted out. Something is going on right now, because we haven't had an update from the Pentagon in three weeks. Usually there's a weekly update from the Combined Joint Task Force headquartered in Baghdad. My guess is that there was a mass infiltration of strategic commandos into Lebanon. Hariri is suddenly speaking like a man in full control of his country. The Houthis and the men of Ali Abdullah Saleh in Yemen suddenly began fighting each other, so now they're greatly weakened. Some of you may remember that I predicted that the Yemeni government and Saudi-led Coalition would next take the port of Hodeidah. SURPRISE! The port is the last means by which the Houthis get supplies. When the port is taken, the Houthis are done. See the guy in the background? Look at his chest. He's wearing massively heavy body armor. I doubt that the men are Yemenis. I'm thinking Lebanon and Yemen are next to be freed from Iran. Iraq and Syria have been liberated. Nobody's SAYING it, because they're SMARTER about this stuff than we are. Sun Tzu says that you must always leave a way out for the enemy. Seriously, what's the point of grinding Russia, Iran, Syria, and Hezbollah's face in the dirt? What if we put aside our emotions? Prior to June of 2015, this is what I believed: But the SAUDIS nudged me in the direction of major soul searching. I had to ask myself, ""WHY do I want to see peoples' faces ground into the dirt?"" Killing vast numbers of the enemy is only a temporary solution. Look at Europe. Look at the Middle East. When we invaded Iraqi in 2003, an American commentator said that all his Arab colleagues were humiliated. ""Cry me a river,"" I thought. But guess what? I was wrong. I'm not saying Arabs are children who must be coddled. I'm saying that horrendous public defeat of ANYONE is counterproductive. Just look at world history. Horrendous public defeat makes people want revenge. I figured this out only in June of 2015, so I'm not very smart. The people who FIGHT AND WIN in secret are the smart ones. For real: The Gulf Cooperation Council completely revolutionized warfare. Their method of fighting takes much longer. Americans want lightning-fast victories. Therefore if we want to fight like the GCC, we have to keep things secret. Congress wanted to shaft Trump by cutting off funds to troop-level increases and extended campaigns. In anticipation of this--and because it's SMART--Trump delegated to James Mattis the authority to set troop levels and carry out campaigns. Trump is still in charge. But the attempts to POLITICIZE our fighting have been thwarted. Mattis hasn't even told us how many troops we have overseas. In a perfect world, he SHOULD tell us. But as long as war is politicized, I think he should operate in secret. Blame THE PUBLIC for our unrealistic expectations, and blame POLITICIANS for trying to score points. Someday, when we've GROWN UP, we can be told things again. But in the meantime, I'm perfectly happy letting Mattis do his job without input from this guy. "
" AHA! So THIS is the plan. Here's the North Korean statement. ""The disgraceful situation shows how severe the present situation of the seasonal hostility with deep historical roots and how desperately needing reunification for the improvement of the relationship is shown."" The North Koreans are saying, ""The US and North Korea can't even talk, due to the mutual historical baggage. So the only solution is reunification with the South."" OH MY GOD. Kim Jong-un is saying that in order to improve relations, he's willing to dissolve his country! And with that one statement, China loses control of North Korea. Incredible. Trump and Bolton and Kim and Moon pulled off the mother of all deceptions. Next, Trump will agree to meet Kim. AND he'll thank Kim and his people for graciously agreeing to meet with him. THAT is what's going on. See, the Chinese were thinking small: nukes. Trump and Kim were thinking BIG: reunification. This won't be the same as the reunification of Germany. Koreans aren't Germans. A GIGANTIC new market is opening up. Kim and Moon will steer this ship of state brilliantly. Always trust Trump. He and Kim had us looking over HERE, while in fact the two of them were working over THERE. Let's do this in real time. I've never studied why the unification on Germany was so problematic. AND it's what I figured: They didn't prepare for it. ""There was massive confusion about property rights. As wave after wave of Nazi, Soviet, and later GDR expropriations had taken place between 1933 and 1989, there was often little knowledge of the actual ownership of property."" So nobody knew who owned what. The Koreans won't have that problem. ""Another problem was that East German production costs had been very high. Western German firms found it easier and cheaper to serve their new eastern German markets by expanding production in western facilities."" The North Koreans don't HAVE any wages or production costs. They'll go roaring into the new factories in a tsunami of eager humanity. Again, a unified Korea won't have this problem. ""A third problem was that the inadequate infrastructure also became a problem for many potential investors."" There's NO INFRASTRUCTURE in North Korea. Companies will make a fortune building it. That's ANOTHER German issue that won't impact Korea. And finally: ""Policies calculated to make the initial adjustment [to a free market] as painless as possible hampered long-run growth and prosperity."" So the WEST Germans set the bar low for the East Germans. You may not know this, but for years, North Koreans were allowed to work in South Korea. The Southerners were STUNNED by how good the Northerners were. At the heart of North Korean political ideology is something called ""juche,"" which means ""self-reliance."" The North Korean ruling elite made several fatal mistakes. They educated Kim Jong-un in Switzerland, which allowed him to break free intellectually. The ruling elite ALSO indoctrinated the people to work as hard as they could. NOW Kim Jong-un will tell his people that their new mission is to bring the North up to the standards of the South. Amazing. So I have no doubt whatsoever that the US and our allies first freed Kim Jong-un, the way Moqtada al-Sadr in Iraq was freed. Al-Sadr is leading Iraq away from Iran at warp speed. He's using every single hour of the day to liberate his people more. The same thing is happening in North Korea. HERE is the secret: Two fearless, altruistic visionaries came to power at the same time. They'd known each other for many years. Both of them were able to create leakproof governments. And both of them are able to personally REACH the people they want to reach. Neither Saudi Arabia nor the US seek domination. If you can PROVE that to people, most of them will stop being your enemy. Some people can't be reached. The Iranian mullahs--MOST of them--can't be reached. Putin was reached by the annihilation of his 550-man assault battalion in Syria. THAT made him decide to cooperate. I'm now quite sure that Kim Jong-un was never the monster he was made out to be. Here's an idea: It's possible that Trump contacted him BEFORE becoming president. This was the most spectacular strategic deception of all time. Watch it play out exactly the way I say it will... ADDENDUM: Reuters is a little late, but of course. AND shows you why you should never read Haaretz... ADDENDUM TWO: The North Korean nuclear weapons program is dead. So it's all true. Trump and Kim hoaxed the world..."
" Earlier today, I posted a Facebook comment from the widow of one of the Special Forces soldiers killed in Niger. So far, EVERY SINGLE CLAIM ""proving"" that the Facebook comment is a hoax? A lie. Every single claim is a lie. Accounts were ACTIVATED TODAY to ""debunk"" the Facebook post. Before I tweeted the comment, I researched it for an hour. I found no evidence that it's a hoax. The only way to authenticate it is to ask the widow, which of course I won't do. As always, people are being distracted from the ACTUAL STORY: a rodeo clown used eight fallen Americans to score political points. Why are leftists in a frenzy of lies and fraudulence, desperate to prove the Facebook post a hoax? Why are they resorting to TRANSPARENT LIES that can be disproved in seconds? This story isn't about ME. It's about the rodeo clown. She's crashing and burning, as she should. So her minions are going nuts. THAT'S what's happening..."
" You know what I DON'T DO? If someone talks about a medical issue and their treatment for it, I don't say, ""That treatment is a disaster that almost killed my son."" For one thing, not one of these people has told me the name of the medication that turned their kid or brother or yet-to-be-conceived descendant into a suicidal toadstool. So they're all LYING. For another thing, I'M NOT THE GUY to come to with your deranged opposition to psychotropic medication. I take NINE such medications. I don't take medication as a HOBBY. A CARDIOLOGIST, a GASTROENTEROLOGIST, and an OTOLARYNGOLOGIST started me on psychotropics. Note: NONE OF THEM ARE psychiatric specialists. What happened was that I began exhibiting PHYSICAL SYMPTOMS that were caused by depression, anxiety, and PTSD. My heart, stomach, and throat were being destroyed. Being put on the medications over a period of TEN YEARS stopped the PHYSICAL DAMAGE being done to my body. I have full-body osteoarthritis. Stress causes inflammation. Osteoarthritis usually gets worse. Mine is going into remission as the stress is relieved. So what I DO NOT NEED is people from the 17th century telling me their 17th century fears that have NOTHING TO DO WITH ME. The fact that I take psychotropics is not related in ANY WAY to the lives of others. See how that works, everybody? We have separate lives. I am not you, and you are not me. So when you come to my timeline, zip your effing lips about how much you hate psychotropics. I don't want to hear it. And now I will BLOCK you for being incomprehensibly rude and oblivious..."
" The Norwegians embraced socialism in 1927. It TOOK. Socialism works best in homogeneous societies. Norway had a state church, and it was violently anti-Catholic and anti-Jewish. The Nazi occupation of Norway took the fight out of the society, allowing the more and more socialist regimes to be implemented. The UK followed a similar path, but not as radically. After gas and oil were discovered in 1963, the country became a full welfare state. Everything is free, but the price is total enslavement. And total HAVOC. I've never lived in a country where so many people wanted to fight with me. PHYSICAL fights. Everybody drank, and everybody committed assault and battery as a matter of course. They had utterly destructive laws. All cars coming from the right had the right of way. So drivers just floored it and burst out from behind buildings. It was up to YOU to see them and put on the brakes. I've never lived in a more troubled society. They've had MASS immigration to the US. The Norwegian government has been tyrannical since 1927. Citizens simply have no recourse. Government knows best. A nightmare. Truly..."
" WELL, WELL, WELL. ""Fridel and Fox used data collected by USA Today, the FBI’s Supplementary Homicide Report, Congressional Research Service, Gun Violence Archive, Stanford Geospatial Center and Stanford Libraries, Mother Jones, Everytown for Gun Safety, and a NYPD report on active shooters."" ""Their research also finds that shooting incidents involving students have been declining since the 1990s."" ALL SCHOOL SHOOTINGS ARE DOWN. Dramatically. I found this information in an article by a guy who ACKNOWLEDGED that the data is correct, but he said that the banning of guns had to proceed anyway. More proof that his entire grotesque performance is 100 percent political. Gun OWNERSHIP skyrocketed during the Obama years. But there's no epidemic of school shootings, mass or otherwise. Amazing stuff. We live in Orwell's ""1984."" The other side ADMITS that the issue doesn't exist, but they demand legislation ANYWAY, because of their ideology. In order to BE a leftist, you must have certain core beliefs that are not subject to the reality on the ground. So even though the number of school shootings and DEATHS from school shootings is dropping like an anvil tossed from the Empire State Building, leftists demand ""common sense"" gun control that they admit is not necessary. Madness..."
" Okay, so there's THIS: ""DeSantis said the person he spoke with said a senior FBI executive made an inappropriate comment suggesting the bureau had a personal motive in investigating Flynn and ruining his career."" My theory is that Flynn GOADED the FBI into going after him. By making himself a target, Flynn was able to assure that his hand-chosen team of Leak Killers would be ""fired"" and would disappear into the system. We don't know anything about these people. There are only names and one short video that shows one talking. But these civilians and DIA spooks have virtually nonexistent public footprints. Go back to August of 2016. Trump was going public with leaks. Former members of the Intelligence Community were making outrageous threats. Multiple presidents have tried to stop leaks, but it never worked because they appealed to the better nature of those who HAVE no better nature. I used to listen to a guy on the radio. HE said he would never say a bad word about John Murtha because Murtha was a ""fellow marine."" Murtha was one of the most corrupt congressmen in US history. When investigators got close, Murtha accused US Marines in Iraq of committing murder. Murtha thus positioned himself as a ""whistle blower."" If the feds came after him, he could claim that it was retaliation for him ""speaking out."" Murtha also said openly that he despised his constituents. He got elected, he said, by bringing them pork. Government contracts. Jobs. But a ""fellow marine"" could not criticize him. That's why nothing changed for DECADES. Here's what I always wanted: Politicians and intelligence officials who simply TOLD THE TRUTH, let the cards fall where they may, and replied with, ""Hey: YOU broke the law. Not me. YOU."" Now we have that in Trump, and we have it in General Flynn. They don't have boozy, sentimental loyalty to a tribe. Flynn knew EXACTLY what he was doing. Every step he took was deliberate. As General Rabbit, Flynn began the process of killing leaks and exposing rot. He RISKED PRISON to do this. Yes, Trump can pardon him. But the CHARGES will always stand. I don't know general Flynn. I've never spoken to him. My GUESS is that he figured that since they'd already fired him as head of the DIA, it didn't matter if people ALSO thought he did questionable things. But it's clear as day to me now that Flynn set up EVERYBODY. He paid a hell of a price, but he knew that he would. He feels that the country and the people in it are worth the price he paid. So let's not let him down. Let's IMPROVE. Do it for General Flynn... "
" is one of the reasons it took me so long to seek help for my PTSD. Guterman is himself quite mad. This is an appalling image. Why did he pose with his mouth open? Look at his dead eyes. Guterman opposes calling Trump mentally ill with first interviewing him. However, saying that one is GLAD that Trump Tower is burning? That's completely insane. Here's the main reason Guterberg opposes calling Trump mentally ill: ""In the case of Trump, doing so may distract from his criminality and the need for political, rather than medical, action in order to bring about change."" Did you know that Trump is a criminal? I didn't. But in the dead eyes of Stalinists, ALL OF US WHO DISSENT are indeed criminals. I eventually found a psychologist and then a psychiatrist who helped me survive even though my PTSD keeps me housebound. Both of them oppose absolutely EVERYTHING that the ""mental-health community"" tells you is normal. I dated a woman for five years. After I told her why I have PTSD, she had a breakdown. On her own, she went to a psychiatrist, a woman. This woman convinced her that I was a controlling male who wanted her under my thumb. Craziest shit I ever heard in my life. But it got better. San Francisco is full of nice leftist ""mental-health"" professionals. Do you know what they do there? The FEMALE counselors pass their female patients to males. Those males end up having sexual relationships with their female patients. The woman I dated married her psychiatrist. Three years after we broke up, I had a physical, and my doctor told me that I needed to contact this woman, because she'd had pelvic inflammatory disease (PIV). I may have been exposed to one of those life-changing STDs. So I called the woman. When I identified myself, she burst into tears. Her husband didn't ""allow"" her to play her bass anymore. The last concerts she went to were with me. And he was pathologically jealous. A psychiatrist. Her life was SHIT. I was VERY wary about letting ANYBODY into my head. The woman I dated after the woman in San Francisco was also a counselor. We broke up because she began using everything I told her against me. I let her in, and she started wreaking havoc. I vetted my psychologist and my psychiatrist VERY thoroughly. They both did a great job. I'm still here, despite the knowledge I carry in my head. There are MANY ""counselors"" who are predators and maniacs. THIS is maniacal. It can't be excused. The way to fix this for good is to make November and then 2020 a blowout for the GOP. Exterminate the Democrats electorally. Remove ALL their power. Crazy people get worse unless you stop them. So we need to make leftists pay for this. All they understand is loss of power. So make this kind of thing come with a price. THAT will make them stop... ADDENDUM: points out that Guterman tweeted his glee at least twice. Therefore not a momentary lapse... "
" Idiots tell me that there's NO WAY that the Las Vegas murderer accidentally shot himself. Really? The robber accepts a handful of bills and looks to his left. His finger was on the trigger of the pistol. As he closed his left hand, he squeezed the trigger. He drew back his hands in an instinctive defensive gesture. He squeezed the trigger again. The bullet hit him in the head. As he falls, you can see the hole in his head. The weapon was a hammerless revolver. The robber wasn't panicked. All he did was turn his head and FORGET THAT HIS FINGER WAS ON THE TRIGGER. Now, imagine an insane guy who suddenly realizes that the cops are on their way. He frantically tries to pick up two or three rifles, and then he loses his footing on empty cartridge cases. What if THIS guy had a loaded pistol in his hand, his finger on the trigger? You think he could've shot himself in the mouth? I'm now convinced--thanks to --that the Las Vegas murderer accidentally shot himself. It answers ALL questions."
" The first circumstantial evidence I've seen that I'm correct about the Gulf Cooperation Council ""hollowing out"" terrorist groups in Syria. Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham (HTS) was formed by the merger of Jabhat Fateh al-Sham (formerly al-Nusra Front), the Ansar al-Din Front, Jaysh al-Sunna, Liwa al-Haqq, and Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki. HTS are Salafist jihadists who are virtually indistinguishable from the Islamic State. The group is led by Abu Mohammad al-Julani, a very mysterious man. For one thing, he doesn't LOOK like a rabid Salafist. For another, he's still alive. If we're ever told that he was killed, and they show us photos, we'll never know. I have my suspicions about him. At any rate, HTS is being run out of Syrian villages by unarmed civilians. And finally I see men who fit the profile for Gulf Cooperation Council strategic special operators. These men are reed-thin, and they clearly have at least some level of training. All of them are lanky. In the past al-Qaeda in Syria were chunky to average. These guys are NOTICEABLY skinny. I'm pretty sure that we're down to kabuki theater in Syria. The reason everything went to hell in Iraq was that we enabled business as usual. It's clear that the GCC and now Iraq are no longer doing things the old-school way. The way the GCC fights is that it targets Military Objects, not people. That includes combatants. This is an untried form of warfare. I myself used to believe this: I've changed my mind. Why kill them when you can simply wreck their weapons and equipment? Of course some people MUST die. Major General Qassem Suleimani--the head of the Iranian Quds Froce--was killed in Syria in November of 2015. He was a true believer who could not be saved. The Houthis in Yemen put out propaganda for idiots. Here are their ""explosive ordnance disposal experts"" defusing unexploded Saudis bombs. Well, those are INERT munitions. They don't explode. Inert munitions are painted blue and filled with wet sand or concrete. The Saudis use precision-guided inert munitions in urban areas. Guess who invented using inert practice munitions in combat? Israel! In Lebanon in 1982. The PLO put antiaircraft cannons on apartment buildings and locked all the resident inside. So the IDF came in horizontally and ""skipped"" the inert munition off the roof and into the antiaircraft position. How would like to have been the people who cleaned up THAT mess? Yuck. So, it appears to ME that major combat operations in Syria are over. McMaster didn't send 150,000 troops. Here's a question: Those micro journalists who lied to you about McMaster? Did a single one lift a finger to help Judge Moore? Personally I think the world is headed for great times. I REALLY want to see what the next ten years brings. It's going to be truly amazing, I think..."
" I have very dim-witted people telling me that American citizens are constitutionally allowed to own all military grade weapons. Well, I'll tell all you ""strict constitutionalists"" a story you've never heard. The Shelton-Birger gang war of Peoria, Illinois. The Shelton gang was the most violent in American history. It got its start during Prohibition. The Sheltons' main rival was the Birger gang. The two gangs went to war in 1926. They used homemade armored cars. The cops couldn't even confront them. Armored cars full of men with Browning Automatic Rifles. The Sheltons also bought a war-surplus Curtis Jenny. They BOMBED the Birgers in broad daylight. What could the cops do? Finally the Brigers agreed to testify against the the Shelton brothers, who were convicted of mail robbery and sentenced to 25 years in prison. The Shelton gang faded away, leaving Charles Birger to use his armored cars. He was finally arrested, tried, convicted, and hanged for murder. So let's look at what ""strict constitutionalists"" are advocating: AN ARMS RACE BETWEEN THE POLICE AND CRIMINALS. To fight armored cars, the cops would need main battle tanks. To stop the bombing raids, the cops would need antiaircraft cannons. In the name of ""constitutional rights,"" we want tanks, aircraft, and cannons slugging it out on the streets of Peoria? Pure insanity. How many of you ""constitutional rights"" guys have even HEARD of the all-out war in Little Egypt, Illinois? They did what you guys wanted: gave the citizens military grade weapons. SHOCKINGLY, it was a disaster. So stop wasting my time with this childish fantasizing. Thank you..."
" THERE WE GO. A leftist admits in his own words what everybody knew. ""Why did TRUMP let it happen?"" Well, is unaware that TRUMP doesn't make operational decisions. AND. This was an ambush of a Special Forces A Team by 50+ terrorists. We lost four men. Twelve against 50+. Leftists have tunnel vision now. They're so obsessed with ""getting"" Trump that they're blind to everything else. Trying to score political points from this is a MASSIVELY bad choice. If we DO have hearings, here's what will come out: Our 12 men were attacked, and they fought their way out. They used civilian vehicles to not draw attention to themselves. By the end of the hearings, the public will understand that there was no failure, no ""Benghazi on steroids,"" and no blame. The rodeo clown and her ghoulish, bloodthirsty minions--like --are demolishing the Democratic brand. ""Why did Trump let this happen?"" ""I'm a rock star!"" Words that will serve as the epitaph of the Democratic party..."
" WELL NOW. Not a Republican. The photos show flat affect, which means severe mental illness. So AGAIN, this issue is NOT GUNS. The issue is PEOPLE. Here's her Website. She was off her rocker. She kept posting videos that violate YouTube's terms of use. It's clear that she posted videos of animal abuse. YouTube terminated MY account. The termination was COMPLETELY dishonest. I was the target of a campaign. My videos were flagged and taken down, and I was given ""community strikes."" They terminated my account, and wrote a tweet thread about it, saying that I was done with Google. Then my account was restored without explanation. What I decided to do was to STOP USING YOUTUBE, except for things that won't get my accounts terminated. I own SEVERAL firearms. And EVERY employee of YouTube--even the demented leftists who messed with me--are safe in my house. You know what else? If I had been at YouTube headquarters, I would've engaged the shooter in defense of miserable, ungrateful, deranged leftists. WHY? Because the shooter was a criminal, and YouTube's employees are not. See, gun haters, I'M NOT CRAZY. I'M NOT THE PROBLEM. AND if I had been there, I would've confronted the shooter, REGARDLESS. Let's ask gun haters a question: If I were in your office, and you heard shots and someone screeching that she was going to kill you, would you tell me to NOT DEFEND YOU with my own handgun? Case closed, huh? I AM NOT THE PROBLEM. My prediction is that we'll find out that the shooter made threats. THIS was the beginning of the problem. From 1963 onward, we steadily made it harder and harder to confine the violent mentally ill. Until we RETURN to a society that puts the welfare of the majority over the welfare of a small and violent minority, this will keep happening... ADDENDUM: A Turkish reader--I won't identify the person--tells me that the YouTube shooter was vehemently...anti-gun. Somehow I knew that would come up..."
" Here we go again. Not a chance in hell were SEVEN AIRCRAFT destroyed by jihadist mortar crews. This is how jihadists operate their mortars. The Russian aircraft were TARGETED. We have some photos. And another. That's blast damage. There are no tiny holes made by steel fragments. Fuel-air explosives (FAE) were used. This is the air base. Where the hell did the rebels set up their mortars? The Russians lost seven fixed-wing aircraft and one helicopter gunship IN ONE DAY. You think maybe someone is sending a message in Putinese? This would pretty much ensure that Vlad sits out regime change in Iran. See, Khmeimim Air Base is closed to Syrians. Only Russians are allowed on it. Someone wiped out as much as a quarter of Russia's aircraft inventory in Syria, in ONE DAY. The Russians can be hit badly AT WILL. The commander of the advisory unit was killed in September. Again with a mortar. They say he was at a command post. Command posts are hardened against mortar fire. The Russians don't have to leave, but they need to get with the program. Putin thinks HE'S ruthless? He doesn't actually know the meaning of the word..."
" The Norwegians sent military observers to every combatant country during World War I. They learned EVERYTHING. A summary: The Germans used ad hoc assault units that could be put together and disbanded, depending on the mission. The British and Americans made the platoon the basic fighting unit, giving it a huge amount of firepower. And the French and Belgians used the fifteen-man squad armed with three light machine guns and three rifle-grenade launchers. The Norwegians had their observers RECORD all this, but it was never implemented. The Scandinavian countries had signed a neutrality pact that prohibited any individual citizens from joining in any of the fighting. The Norwegian military attaché to France was so disgusted and frustrated that he joined the Foreign Legion. Colonel Henrik Angell is a legendary figure in the French Foreign Legion, but he's still an embarrassment to Norway. Norway refused to implement ANYTHING it had learned in World War I, so it was a pushover in 1940. Individual achievement is simply not acceptable in the culture..."
" My dinner with a famous actor. From my book. I had two friends who served as my guides in Hollywood: ""Jane"" and ""John."" They LOVED the depravity. Both were cynical drunks. Jane and John worked in a field that allowed them to meet every single actor in Hollywood. I met them through MY job as a journalist. One night we were going out to dinner; a famous actor--""Joe''--showed up with a name-brand director and a producer. These people were all uninvited. Jane went with Joe, the produce, and the director. I rode with John. We arrived at the Chinese restaurant. When Jane came in, she was rolling her eyes and snarling at me. She later told me that in the car, nobody said a single word the whole time. Absolute silence. I had a massive crush on Jane, because she was the wittiest, most physically beautiful woman I've known. We all sat down to order. None of those freaks would talk. So I did all the talking. Blah-blah-blah. When the five others were drunk enough, they started talking. About porn films. The producer was a woman. She knew of a porn star with a three-foot-long penis. ""Where would he put it?"" the director asked. ""Would he wrap it around his waist?"" ""He put it down his pants leg,"" thew woman said. Joe the actor screamed like a pterodactyl. ""What if he got a h*rd-on?"" he roared. Then he jumped up and held one leg out in front of him. He began hopping all through the restaurant, one leg out in front, waving his arms and shouting. Then he sat down. The whole restaurant had fallen silent. Nobody at my table reacted in any way whatsoever. The night ground on. None of the Hollywood folks had any conversational ability. They were the most boring people I've ever met. At some point, Joe the actor asked me if I liked Quentin Tarantino. ""No,"" I said. ""I hate him."" The director perked up. ""I hate him too!"" he said. ""You're the only other person I've met who hates him! Why do you hate him?"" ""He's what the EPA calls a gross polluter,"" I said. ""He's like an oil spill. Pure toxin on every level."" The director was nodding. ""He's ruining our industry,"" he said. ""He's a troglodyte,"" I said. Joe the actor interrupted. ""Excuse me. The word is 'troglyte.' My economics professor used it all the time."" I had no idea what to say. How do you tell a man that he has the intelligence of a corn cob? ""I thought a Trog Light was a Norwegian beer,"" I blurted. Joe stared at me with raw hate, and then he threw back his head and screamed, ""A-HAA, HAA, HAA, HAAAAAAAAAAAA!"" On and on the night went. Joe told us his life's ambition: ""I wanna f*ck Winona Ryder. She's got a great rack."" I was born in Venezuela. My first language is Spanish. ""What's a rack?"" I asked. He cupped his hands in front of his chest. ""TITS!"" To say it the way Joe did, do this: Clench your teeth, pull down the corners of your mouth, pull your chin into your neck, and raise your eyebrows as high as you can. And spray lots of saliva when you say it. That's Hollywood. One of the longest nights of my life. Joe is still working. He looks at LEAST 25 years younger than his actual age. He's had NO cosmetic surgery. It's just great genes. He's three years older than I am. and neither of us ever scored with Winona Ryder... ADDENDUM: I just remembered modern technology. Here's how Joe said the T-word. "
" Here's what happening: The Saudis are modernizing. The crown prince pledged to ""destroy"" radical Islam. NOW Saudi Arabia has become the target of disinformation spread by two groups: Jihadist extremists and those who BENEFIT from them. The Saudis will become a global superpower. I predict they will build a blue-water navy with aircraft carriers. This threatens nations with an agenda of enslavement. Multiple nations have mafia protection rackets. They agree to not cause trouble if you bribe them or allow them to sit at the table with you. The Saudis don't play that game. They send commandos to kill you instead. Saudi Arabia plans to ""partner with the world."" That means ALL THE MAFIA PROTECTION RACKETS ARE DOOMED. So the Saudis have become a target for disinformation..."
" I know it's the Huffington Post, but this is the most thorough analysis of Iranian unrest that's been published. This may--MAY--be the beginning. It's simply not possible for me to say. BUT. The mullahs are trying to HIDE the fact that they're cracking down. That shows weakness. Here's a another point: The escalating crackdown on Iranian citizens parallels the declining fortunes of Iran abroad. Iran totally pulled out of Syria. Iran's Yemeni proxies are being demolished. Hamas is pretending that the late Qassem Suleimani called them and expressed support. Hezbollah makes deals instead of fighting. I've written a lot about the soldiers and weaponry of the Gulf Cooperation Council. Here's what you need to know: They've already used the plan that they'll use to overthrow the mullahs. They'll hack into the Iranian communications systems and issue bogus orders. They'll also take over all Iranian civil communications systems. I'm sure that the GCC has weaponry that can temporarily incapacitate soldiers on a large scale. All you have to do in a dictatorship is convince the dictators' forces that nobody is loyal or willing to fight. Everything the GCC has done has led it to this moment. They are prepared. So we may see history in the making VERY soon. By this time, everyone knows that the Saudis are not the enemy. The GCC knows best how to resolve this seemingly endless problem. We will help. This MAY be the start. We'll see..."
" points me to an incredible article. It confirms what we thought: Putin wanted to test Trump. So our people responded the way Americans USED to respond, by wiping out the attacking unit. Of the 500 men in the assault, at least 215 were killed. The survivors were drinking heavily. THIS quote explains everything: ""Everybody, you know, treats us like pieces of s--- ... They beat our asses like we were little pieces of s---"" I had a close Russian friend who was an active-duty colonel in the army. He threw-away our seven-year friendship because of THAT mindset. The Russians try to feel significant by launching military operations. They defeat people who HAD NO CHANCE OF WINNING, and then they crow. They did his is Georgia and the Ukraine. In 2008, Russia invaded Georgia. It was 70,000 Russians against 10,000 Georgians. The Russians got drunk on victory. It was the same with the annexation of the Crimea in 2014. The Georgian and Ukrainian armies WERE NEVER INTENDED TO STOP A RUSSIAN INVASION. But the Russians believed their own bullshit. Here's what my former Russian friend kept saying: ""Russia is rising off its knees."" Who put Russia on its knees? RUSSIA! It's as corrupt as Somalia. More than 30 percent of the Russian defense budget goes to graft. It goes into PUTIN'S POCKETS. So now we know: ""The audio recordings paint a picture of Russian mercenaries essentially sent to die in an ill-conceived advance on a US-held position in Syria."" The Russians are not mercenaries. They're ""ghost soldiers"" who pretend to be mercenaries to that Vlad can lie, the way he always does. Well, now Vlad knows to not test Trump. Of the entire assault force, only one tank was left intact. THIS IS WHY I SUPPORT SAUDI ARABIA. The Saudis and their allies are fighting IN SECRET. That means they don't squander men's lives in an effort to bolster the manliness of the country's leaders. Last night, King Salman--following advice from Crown Prince and Defense Minister Mohammed bin Salman--fired multiple military commanders. THIS is the real story: ""This development tells us one thing: the new king is coming sooner rather than later."" I've followed the Saudi-led war in Yemen since March 26, 2015. In August, the Coalition carried out lightning-fast, violent ground offensives in southern and central Yemen. Then there appeared to be nothing. ""The Saudi Vietnam!"" the ""experts said. Horse manure. There are currently at least EIGHTEEN SIMULTANEOUS GROUND OFFENSIVES taking place in Yemen. I challenge ANY western armed force to match that. But the Saudis don't boast. AND if I ever interviewed Mohammed bin Salman and asked him about strategic special forces, he'd laugh and say, ""You read too many comic books."" The Saudis understand something: ""It's great to be underestimated."" --Donald John Trump And I'M the only person who told you THIS. Trump has known and done business with the Saudi royal family since at least 1980. So the world transformation that we're seeing now was planned jointly for forty years. King Salman took the throne on January 23, 2015. Trump announced his presidential bid on June 16, 2015. The Saudis said, ""Okay, we're ready."" And Trump became president in order to work with the Saudis to change the world. And Trump and the Saudis will deny it forever. Putin is truly pathetic. He's easily one of the worst things to ever happen to Russia... ADDENDUM: Russian special forces are called ""Sptesnaz."" They are in Syria. I knew this particular news outlet was Russian. Now they've proven it by denying that anything happened. Compare the macho Russia special forces to Arab special forces in Syria. He's a kid, but he's utterly lethal. He doesn't need or want all the outward symbols of alleged military prowess... "
" They didn't read what I did in 2015. ""Thanks to Trump."" believes that Muslims have no volition and are only able to react to the actions of others. Tom also drinks his wine a bottle at a time. Look at the size of that glass. Man. I'm sure that Tom never read the words of Saudi General Anwar Eshki, in an interview he gave to the Wall Street Journal, published August 21, 2015. I'm quoiting from memory. Eshki said, ""Like Pac-Man, the Islamic State will gobble up all terrorist groups in Syria and become one big terrorist. Then we can destroy them."" Eshki being a Saudi, he was telling the truth AND engaging in strategic deception simultaneously. Note the title of the article: ""The Saudis Reply to Iran's Rising Danger."" IRAN. Eshki was talking about Iran, not the Islamic State. As a result of Trump recognizing Israel as the capital of Jerusalem, we now have the ""Axis of Resistance,"" comprised of Iran, Assad, Hezbollah, Hamas, and other terrorist groups. Like Pac-Man, Iran gobbled them all up and formed one big terrorist. And now, the Saudis will destroy them. Just watch..."
" Too effing funny. I just spent two hours trying to get my piece-of-garbage Canon Pixma MG8621 printer-scanner to work. My Mac has no disc player--BRILLIANT MOVE, Apple--so I had to download the printer driver. The printer would simply not work. All it said was, ""The printer is performing another operation."" This is a problem that goes back TEN YEARS. Canon can't be bothered to fix it. I reinstalled the driver five times. No change. Every Website that offers a ""solution"" reads like this: ""Many error time you see go this flop to why? Click for to make yaya."" The equivalent of Nigerian phishing e-mails. I needed federal and state payment vouchers for my taxes. You know, the money I fork over to illegals and to . In the process of turning the printer on and off, I changed the language to German. I don't speak German. So I randomly pressed options and answered ""OK"" when it asked me questions. The printer whirred and grunted for five minutes...and now it works perfectly. But it works only when the language is set to German. I was going to make my own payment vouchers with crayon, and then I was going to film myself throwing my brand-new printer-scanner into the air, to land on my concrete driveway. But I was able to print the payment vouchers, to the German Canon can live until I move to Las Vegas. My last act in this city will be to throw this thing out the second-story window onto the concrete. Taxes and the printer took five irreplaceable hours of my life tonight. I'm going to make Twitter users pay for that. If they rub me the wrong way..."
" No idea if this is true, but... Two things: Secondly, I'm convinced--after reading everything about the general and what he did--that this is a rabbit. The general was a controversial figure because he told ugly truths about our failures to take things seriously. This is what president Trump said after the general resigned. Again, the Mueller leaks are ILLEGAL. So if the general is indicted, Trump will pardon him. No doubt. Even so, in my opinion, he needs our support. Even action the general took APPEARS TO ME to be crafted. We've never had a president who was a HOLISTIC revolutionary, meaning he would change change everything. I believe that the general undertook what was almost a suicide mission in order to serve as a rabbit. Trump never ASKED him to do this. The general did it on his own. I think the general fully expected the consequences. When I applied for the CIA they asked a question: Are you willing to lie to even your family about what you really do? Since none of us actually KNOWS the truth, we decide for ourselves what to believe. The truth will almost certainly never come out. Based on what I've seen, and based on the total lack of REAL leaks from the TRUMP administration, I choose to believe this: The general used his expertise in spooking to set up a counter-espionage operation that identified leakers. Now, the general may be indicted. I choose to donate to his legal defense funds. If the general and I had coffee, I wouldn't ask him about this. ""Are you willing to lie to your family about what you really do?"" I believe that Trump is doing unprecedented things to prevent his administration from being derailed. In my interpretation of events, the general did nothing wrong. As a rabbit, he had to draw attention away from the president. It could be that an indictment was inevitable. That doesn't change my view of the general. I simply do NOT believe that a man with 33 exemplary years of service in the US Army turned on a dime and changed his morals. Everything points to counter-espionage and strategic distraction. So I've donated to the general's legal defense fund. Remember Scooter Libby. This the relevant part. A mess, huh, especially since the whole Plame affair was cooked up. So the general may be the next Scooter Libby. My guess is he took that risk knowingly, so I've donated to his legal defense fund. His 33 years of military service tell me that he did nothing wrong. I'm willing to say that even though I'll never know the true answer..."
" A thread on ass tapping. When I lived in Tokyo, I met a woman with whom I spent five years. It was VERY rocky at first. But she was a hell of a bass guitarist, so I had no choice. That photo is rare. She never wore makeup, and she general dressed in sweatshirts and leotards. A trained gymnast, she could do flips and cartwheels and all sorts of acrobatics. At one point we broke up. My friend Steiv was a real ladies' man. He took me out to find a replacement. I didn't WANT a replacement, but I figured it was easier to just do what Steiv told me to do. He was VERY hard to dissuade. Smartest, funniest man I ever met. AND. He's the only person I can say for sure liked ME for ME. We'd go out and just talk for hours. It was amazing how in tune we were. So Steiv frogmarched me into a club, where we immediately met a six-foot-tall blonde Brazilian of 100 percent German extraction. It was crowded, so the three of us stood and talked for a long time. Finally I got too drunk to remain on my feet, so I excused myself and went home. A couple of weeks later, I got back together with the gymnast-bassist. Everything was fine. Then she said, ""I SHOULD be pissed at you for going out and getting a new girl so fast."" I had no idea what she was talking about. ""Well, I followed you and Steiv when you went to the club and met that giant blonde girl. I saw how you had your hand on her ass the whole time."" That did NOT happen. I'm not in the habit of groping women. But I couldn't talk the gymnast-bassist out of it. ""I SAW you. It's all right we'd broke up. You don't have to lie."" Finally I called Steiv and asked him if he knew anything about this. ""That was MY hand,"" he said. ""Weirdest thing. As soon as we started talking, she grabbed my hand and put it on her ass. Was I gonna say 'No'? She's Brazilian. They like having their asses cupped."" So I was standing with this friendly women who had planted my buddy's hand on her butt while she was chewing the fat with me. I'm just too old-fashioned. I found it gross. But I got Steiv to confess to the gymnast-bassist that she'd seen HIS hand, not mine. That made her happy. I said earlier that Steiv is the person I can be absolutely sure liked ME for ME. Well, I went online and found that he'd died of asthma in 1997. I felt HORRIBLE. His attacks panicked him. I couldn't sleep, thinking about him dying alone, in panic. And then I finally collapsed from exhaustion, and I had a dream that Steiv and I were walking next to a stone wall. There was a vast, open field on the other side, covered with red, yellow, and orange fallen leaves. We had overcoats, and I was telling him how bad I felt about him dying and how much I missed him. When Steiv listened, he looked like a sea captain scanning the horizon. He was 6'5"", so he towered over me. When I was done, we stopped walking, and he turned and grabbed me gently by the shoulders and shook me. ""Tom, you gotta knock...this...OFF! I'm fine!"" he said. ""I'm much happier where I am now, so you have to stop being sad. There's no reason for it. Okay?"" Then I woke up. Funny thing, Steiv was very vain in life. He'd gone prematurely gray, so he dyed his hair black. The whole time I knew him, he had black hair. In my dream, his hair was snow white. He looked GREAT. And I stopped feeling bad. As ordered..."
" NOW Moore is able to grab buttocks RIGHT NEXT TO A WOMAN'S MOTHER, and the mother doesn't notice. This is the stupidest, least honest story yet. NOW Moore is a caged ape who begins harassing women the second they walk into his office. OH MY GOD. Check THIS out: ""One of the newest accusers is Gena Richardson."" ""Her story, which her friend Kayla McLaughlin corroborated to The Post, describes an extremely persistent Moore who asked Richardson for her number — a request that she denied. Then, he allegedly did what no sane person would do."" ""A few days later, she says, she was in trigonometry class at Gadsden High when she was summoned to the principal’s office over the intercom in her classroom. She had a phone call."" ""'I said ""Hello?""' Richardson recalls. 'And the male on the other line said, ""Gena, this is Roy Moore."" I was like, ""What?!"" He said, ""What are you doing?’"" I said, ""I’m in trig class.""'” ""A few days later, after he asked her out at Sears, she relented and agreed, feeling both nervous and flattered."" OF COURSE SHE DID! He accosts her at the mall, calls her at school, and...she's flattered and goes out with him. Let's see what the THIRD lie is. Becky Gray! She was 22, and Moore asked her out while hanging around the bathroom of the men's department at Pizitz. She complained to Maynard von Spiegelfeld. He made a video that I saw as a child. Becky had her problems at the mall in 1977. When the yearbook was signed. So the judge has a black belt in ninja buttock grabbing, and he scares teenagers so much that they're flattered, and a Democrat complained about him to a dead German nobleman. I just told someone that the accusations would get more insane. Leftists ALWAYS OVERREACH. Can you see how utterly dishonest this is? And STUPID? This is beyond moronic. ""Johnson remembers she was wearing a black and white dress."" There. She's lying. These people are so abnormal that they can't perceive how they're coming across. ""Ah wanna tell y'all about how this APE grabbed mah byootoks in front of mah MAMMA! Oh, and I was wearing a black and white dress."" THERE WE GO. ""Johnson has had ups and downs in her life, both before and after she met Moore. She has pled guilty to writing bad checks, and for third-degree theft of property, which she said stemmed from family disagreement over the care of her late stepfather."" Another criminal mental patient. Scratch three more accusations. They're all lying. Prediction: A woman will claim that Moore stuffed her head and mounted it on the wall of his den, and he named it ""Jimmy Sue."" In 1977. When he was grabbing buttocks, hanging out at mall men's department bathrooms, and signing yearbooks. ALL AT THE SAME MOMENT! Garbage. Put it out of your mind. In forty years, not one woman complained to anybody about Moore's behavior. None of this is true. It's an increasingly deranged political hit job..."
" Ali Vitali. Has her own Website: She seems familiar. Hold on a sec... Oh, that's right! She did a music video. Lurking right under Ali's surface... "
" There's no way we can know if the accusations against Moore are true or false. It's just simply not possible, since there's no evidence. The mother of the initial accuser says that a reporter sought out the woman and talked her into going public. The mother also says that the woman didn't have a phone in her room. Therefore it was not possible for Moore to have called her. The first accuser has a wild personal history, full of substance abuse, divorces, accusations against other public figures, and promiscuity. NOW we have Gloria Allred bringing forward a NEW accuser who claims attempted rape. That she forgot. The new accuser was 16 at the time of the alleged incident. Although she forgot the attempted rape, now she remembers it in perfect detail. The accuser was waiting for her boyfriend to pick her up. Moore offered her a ride, so the accuser went with him...leaving her boyfriend to arrive and not find her there. The accuser says she knew Moore well--but even today she calls him the District Attorney. In reality, he was a prosecutor. I don't believe this women. If YOU believe this woman, that's perfectly legitimate. We simply have to choose who to believe. If I were in Alabama, I'd vote for the person who best represents my views. This stinks of an organized hit job. Note how the allegations have escalated, and now admitted Democrat operative Gloria Allred is involved. I knew I'd find this photo even before I looked for it. When Allred is in charge, the accuser always wipes away tears with wadded tissues, and Gloria leans in to offer support. ""Courage, Sister-woman! Courage!"" ""Because cell phones didn’t exist back then, she said that she intended on calling her boyfriend to let him know she got a ride once she got home."" She said she didn't want to wait outside in the cold. That means the restaurant was closed. So how would she call her boyfriend? He wouldn't be home, and she couldn't call the restaurant, because it was closed. ""Nelson said she was accustomed to men flirting with her because she was 'well developed and competed in beauty pageants.'"" But when MOORE did it, for some reason it made her cry. “'I tried to open my car door to leave, but he reached over and he locked it so I could not get out,' she described."" All car doors open when you pull on the handle. ""Nelson said at the press conference that she’s been married to John Nelson for the last 13 years. She said they’re both Donald Trump supporters and voted for him during the 2016 presidential election."" In reality, the accuser's voter profile is ""inactive,"" according to Alabama. If she voted, she would've been asked to update her information. She didn't respond. My guess is that this is all fake. If you support Moore, I see nothing that indicates he did the things he's accused of doing. Of course THAT DOESN'T MEAN that he didn't do these things. What I'm saying is that TO ME, the evidence doesn't hold up. Therefore I see no reason YET why Moore supporters should change their minds. ADDENDUM: The latest accuser presents Moore as a savage animal unable to control himself. Moore made national news TWICE BEFORE, extremely controversially. He infuriated his opponents. But these accusations never came out. ADDENDUM TWO: Much is made about not ""compromising your values."" When somebody says that, I see it as a red flag. I see it as a self-aggrandizing performance. How many times have we all been SCREWED By someone who says, ""I cannot in good conscience...""? Here's the deal: YOU'RE VOTING IN GOOD FAITH. It's not necessary for you to have a trial and determine the guilt or innocence of a politician. THAT'S WHAT THE OPPOSITION WANTS. They know that YOU IN ALABAMA take these allegations seriously. They're ABUSING YOU. If the judge is guilty, THAT IS ON HIM. He says he is not guilty. So if you decide to support him, it's FINE. It says nothing about you except that you prefer him over his opponent. Period. YOU ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE JUDGE'S ACTIONS. People are TAKING ADVANTAGE OF YOU, because this is personally important to you. But there's no way AS OF YET to determine guilt or innocence. Therefore it's a wash. YOU ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE. All you can do is take a man at his word. So ignore EVERYONE trying to influence you one way or another. They are NOT doing so in good faith. My own views on the judge are irrelevant. I see the ACCUSATIONS as incredibly suspicious, and I see the people trying to influence you as DISGUSTING. Whatever you choose is the right decision. Period."
" Before I go get my new bass guitar, let's talk about this. The press is spinning this as Trump saying the CURRENT FBI and DOJ leadership and investigators politicized the investigative process. No. Remember: Trump's tweets are all carefully planned. He's using ""have"" in the perfect tense, meaning ""a completed, or 'perfected' action."" ""They have finished their dinner."" It's deliberately ambiguous, but Trump OBVIOUSLY doesn't mean Sessions, or else he'd fire him. And he obviously doesn't mean Wray, or else he'd fire HIM the way he fired Comey. The point of the Nunes memo was to hype and distract, but it was also to achieve THIS: Once again, the Democrats are protecting the Mueller investigation. THAT is what Trump wants. I said this a couple of days ago. Be honest: The Nunes memo did NOT deliver the goods as promised. BUT. It was never INTENDED TO. As said, it's the first salvo, which gets people used to the idea that something happened. The House server crashed, so that means tons of Americans were looking for this thing. I know a lot of people are feeling let down. Maybe you saw this. Well, look: Trump may not be the only one trolling. 's statement is Trumpian OVERSTATEMENT. Right now, I would caution everybody about having firm opinions about anything or anyone. The KEY to all of this is that Mueller asked that Flynn's sentencing be delayed, and Horowitz is looking at Strzok and Page's texts. Nunes's memo didn't deliver because it was never SUPPOSED TO. You may be thinking that people are playing games. No. This is NOT a game. This is counterespionage. I said this before: When I applied for a job at the CIA, one of the requirements was that I be willing to LIE to even my wife about what I did. I used to love the movie Three Days of the Condor. The last time I saw it I HATED it. I hated Robert Redford and his priggish self-righteousness. He bitches that he's not allowed to tell his friends his real job as a CIA analyst. His boss asks, ""Why are you having such a hard time accepting that?"" And Redford lifts his chin defiantly and says, ""Because I TRUST people."" In the real world, it's not a matter of trust. It's about NATIONAL SECURITY. If you're privileged enough to defend the country, you have to follow certain rules. So I say again, relax. Much of what you're seeing is kabuki. Don't let it get to you. And by the way, I met ""the mailman"" from Three days of the Condor. The scariest screen villain ever. He was a bodybuilder, martial artist, and standup comedian named Hank Garrett. How many people can do THIS? When I met Mr. Garrett, I told him he'd scared the absolute hell out of me, and he'd given me a lifelong fear of mailmen. ""OH NO!"" he yelled. ""I'm so sorry!"" He was one of the nicest people I've ever met. So don't believe what you see on TV or on social media. Much of it is carefully crafted for multiple purposes... ADDENDUM: Hank Garrett today at 86. He collects and saves Hollywood memorabilia... ADDENDUM TWO: makes a great point. It can't be both. Comey knows this. This is why I tell everybody to be cautious. If you emotionally invest in a position, it'll bite you in the butt. The safest route is to treat this as theater. For now..."
" Iran Junior. ""According to the Shin Bet, the investigation regarding [law lecturer Cemil] Tekeli found that he helped Hamas operatives who had come to Turkey establish themselves both personally and economically."" ""Most of them were released during the 2011 Gilad Shalit prisoner-exchange deal; all of them were involved in terror attacks which claimed the lives of dozens of Israeli citizens."" ""The investigation also found that Turkey is contributing to Hamas’ military buildup, among other things through SADAT, a company that was set up to help finance and build the 'Army of Palestine' to fight Israel."" The two greatest threats to stability in the Middle East are Iran and Turkey. Both are former empires that have a pathological need to impose their rule on others. However, both Iran and Turkey refuse to train their armed forces to the level NECESSARY for aggressive imperialism. This is because both countries are terrified of coups. The Turks and Iranians send their men out to die. So be it. When a killer is incompetent, you TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THAT. We just blew up 500 Russians trying to attack us in Syria. They lacked the training to carry out their assault. So what? Should we have cut them any slack? The Blame America crowd sobbed, ""It's MURDER!"" No. These thugs are trying to impose their will on the world by force. When someone is carrying out an unprovoked attack, and he gives you opening, you TAKE IT. Block the arm. Plant your feet. Put all your weight behind the one punch. The guy who STARTED the fight goes down. ""I'm gonna hurt ya!"" ""No you ain't! I'm gonna-- (clunk). Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz."" Sometimes it takes brain damage to make people smarter..."
" Anything for publicity! Coulter is flat-out lying. Nielsen said, ""There's no need for a wall from sea to shining sea."" Coulter says that means Nielsen is an ""open borders zealot."" The Fallacy of the Excluded Middle. All or nothing. One extreme or the other. The REALITY, of course is that there IS NO NEED for a wall like the Great Wall of China. Look at the map, for God's sake. Another lie told by another liar: Nielsen said we needed to give amnesty to the children of illegals. No. ""Nielsen told senators that the U.S. government bears responsibility for finding a long-term fix for illegal immigrants who came to the U.S. as young people."" Do you disagree that the government needs to find a long-term solution? Then Coulter tells us what's REALLY bothering her. Actually, Ann Coulter is Chuck Schumer. Lying about Nielsen's views and then saying that Nielsen got promoted by having sex with Kelly and Trump. That's just great! Brava. This is H. R. McMaster all over again. Jews too! By golly, look at this! Insanity has no political side. People can get crazy enough to make sure that Trump ends up with no support at all. How's THIS for a theory: Ann Coulter's millions will keep her in fine shape regardless of who is president and who is running Congress. But. If Trump actually fulfills his promises, who's going to LISTEN TO ANN COULTER ANYMORE? Who benefits if Trump fails? Why, Ann Coulter! So, who might be motivated to lie about Trump in order to sabotage him, making sure that both parties hate him? Hell of a theory, eh? "
" I've been thinking a lot about 's question. The Korean Peoples' Army (KPA) is North Korea's ruling elite. Here's a typical palace. Years ago, I read that the Kim family is basically held hostage by the KPA. Each new Kim--Kim Jong-un is only the third North Korean leader--must PROVE to the KPA that he has the balls to continue the mafia-style racketeering. The lavish lifestyles of the North Korean ruling elite depends on a leader willing to engage in endless brinkmanship. So what if we've been looking in the wrong direction the whole time? Trump's people were holding secret talks with North Korean officials for at least a year. What if those officials said that the real problem is the KPA? North Korea's deterrent is 30,000 artillery pieces aimed at Seoul. They could level the city instantly. Why is North Korea suddenly so cooperative? What if the North Korean officials told Trump's people that if the KPA is neutralized, all will be well? I used to fantasize about having a house like this. But what if I'm a trouble-making criminal? Who's going to stop a squad of commandos coming after me on my island? These palaces are islands. A squad of highly trained commandos could kill everybody in minutes. I THINK that the KPA leadership was the issue. If the KPA has been neutralized, then there's no reason for Kim to NOT cooperate. Remember the soldier who ran for the border? He was full of worms. There's a brilliant South Korean film called ""Joint Security Area."" It foresaw everything that's happening now. I think the worst is over. AND I think everybody EXCEPT FOR had it all wrong the whole time. When you have an unorthodox mind, you can figure things out. I think Trump saw the REAL problem. And I think we were INVITED to help. If the North Koreans follow through on all their promises, we'll know that Trump was right. It was the KPA--not the Kim family--that was the problem... ADDENDUM: A very large percentage of the North Korean ruling elite live in China. A Trump tweet. What if there was for all intents and purposes a coup in North Korea, except that it wasn't the army taking down government? What if the government took down the army? Did you know about this? ""Pakistan President Mamnoon Hussain said it was the first time Chinese troops participated in a parade in a foreign country."" And did the Chinese stop off in Saudi Arabia for some training? Did you know THIS? The Saudis went to China. My guess is they have a base there now. I'm thinking the Saudis, the Chinese, and the US neutralized the KPA leadership so that Kim Jong-un could take these historic steps. Kim remains in power, BUT he no longer has to prove himself to the ruling elite. In fact he's protected. Remember: I'll bet Kim went to China for his safety, while SOMEBODY tied up loose ends back home. We dropped off commandos by submarine, and others came in from China. Yeah. That's what happened. Jordanian Special Forces. Look at his face. Does he look Jordanian to you...?"
" Question: Where did a whole heck of a lot of people go? Why did the Wikipedia article on Trump's National Security Council erase the names of the majority of the staff? Kevin Harrington is Deputy Assistant to the President for Strategic Planning. Harrington is another guy who's never photographed. He's on the right. Appointed in February, he's disappeared. People STILL don't get that nothing is as it appears. Why? Because Trump is the most radical politician in human history. He's is ACTUALLY going to change everything. To do that, you need to come up with RADICAL strategies. So Trump did. Nobody knows who is doing what in the Trump administration. Why is that important? Because if you don't know what's happening, you can't leak. You can't derail. Mueller's team leaked all over the place. Highly illegal leaks. That damaged Mueller and gave lawyers ammunition. Mueller is doing something very pedestrian: investigating crimes. Trump, on the other hand, is doing something unprecedented. He's dismantling the government's entire way of doing things. Did you HONESTLY think that people wouldn't try almost anything to stop him? The way Trump foils these attempts to stop him is by confusing, distracting, and deceiving. Everything you've heard about the Trump administration is untrue. It's ALL strategic deception. Ezra Cohen-Watnick. No photos of him exist. Trump--through Michael Flynn--hired tons of spooks who have created total chaos. The press is reduced to asking, ""Does the president support slavery?"" Trump has defeated them. They're irrelevant now. But a moving target is harder to hit, so Trump and his allies will continue creating total confusion. Anyone who tells you that Sessions has or hasn't done something? They're just spitballing. Trump and his allies are without antecedent. We have NO IDEA what's happening. So just relax. All will be well."
" There's a benefit to having a history of monarchy and tribal leaders. It creates a sense of societal cohesion. We used to think, ""E pluribus unum."" ""Out of many, one."" Everyone here was American first. THEN came multiculturalism. Although the Saudis have their own challenges, I seriously doubt that multiculturalism will ever be a problem. Another massively suicidal mistake was political correctness. Again, the won't be a problem for Saudi Arabia. My guess is you won't have the sort of decline that we've had. The Saudi sense of national identity is too strong. I'm stunned at how EASILY the sweeping changes have been implemented. Yet there's no panic, no rage, no widespread civil unrest. This is one of my favorite films, made by a Saudi. It represents the Saudi Arabia of today and the future. Whimsical, moving, and VERY technically skilled. And SO artistic. See, anybody who could make such a film will have no problems dealing with changes AND preventing decay. He's a man after my own heart... "
" I don't have video. All I have is the evidence, which his quite gruesome. This weapon is used to incinerate the suicide belts and vests of terrorists. We have MANY videos of terrorists burnt to charcoal--only between their thighs and chins. There are also MANY videos of dead terrorists whose right hands are burned off, along with the clothing around their waists. A flamethrower just shoots a jet, so it's impossible to control. However, you can convert a RIFLE to a pyrophoric slug flamethrower. This will create a flamethrower as accurate as a rifle at short ranges. I made a mockup using patents. The pyrophoric slugs burn much hotter than napalm. It's like a paintball gun, except the propellant is blank rifle cartridges. All the patents exist, and we have evidence in the form of charred terrorists..."
" Let's talk about suicide. Here's the new euthanasia poster boy. I have no sympathy. He says all he does is sit all day. Pathetic. I have PTSD, Meniere's disease, depression, anxiety, and osteoarthritis. Three of my vertebrae are bone on bone, and my right hip is going. But I'm too young for hip replacement. I'd LOVE to make it to 104, all bent over and shuffling. As long as I can THINK, the world is a great place. Every day brings new good news. This guy is an atheist who says he hopes that his suicide will make ALL countries allow assisted suicide. Let me tell you a story you may not have heard. Meet Dr. Walter Vandereycken, the world's leading expert on anorexia. He's Belgian but publishes books in English. In 2012, his patient Ann G. revealed that Vandereycken had been having sex with all his female patients for over 30 years. Ann G. was scheduled to testify against Vandereycken. Suicide for depression is legal in Belgium. Another psychiatrist ""prescribed euthanasia,"" as it's called in Belgium. Ann G. killed herself--or was killed--before she could testify. Not surprisingly, much of Belgium rallied around the predatory Dr. Vandereycken. This is a Belgian clinic for anorexia. How's a guy supposed to help himself, HUH?! Here's what I found amazing: The Belgians are so far gone that these photos appeared in articles DEFENDING the doctor as a caring human being. It's like brutal satire. Can you ask for a better face if you're casting a movie about a sexual predator? It took two years, but finally Vandereycken was banned for life from practicing psychiatry. Legalizing assisted suicide ALWAYS leads to involuntary euthanasia. As someone who suffers from severe lifelong depression, I can tell you that a psychiatrist who ""prescribes"" suicide to a depressive is a deeply evil person. The 104-year-old Australian is STILL trying to ram his political beliefs down our throats. He's bitching about being on a walker? Try doing THIS every single morning. But SO WHAT? Everything settles down, and I hobble through my day, learning and reading and watching improvement. Carmen Dell'Orefice is 86. That makes me happy, as I sit here with all my incurable ailments. I'll never support assisted suicide. My best friend was a quadriplegic who pestered me for two years to help him commit suicide. I wrote a book about it. You might say to yourself--the way my friend Nick did--""If assisted suicide were legal, I wouldn't have to ask for help."" True. Absolutely true. But. It's weird that a hermit cares about society, but legalizing suicide WRECKS your culture. Do you think I enjoy having all my ailments? F*CK NO. It's just the hand I was dealt. Nothing more. Nothing less. Those of you who want assisted suicide are--in my mind--simply out of luck. Too bad. We can't give it to you. This is the face of assisted suicide. Belgium is WRECKED. RUINED. On March 22, 2016, Brussels was hit with three suicide bombs. I remember tweets from Belgians saying that the verbal response to the bombings was WORSE than the bombings. Words are worse than THIS. What kind of society says that WORDS are worse than THIS? That's a BOLT INSIDE the body of a victim from Brussels Airport. It's a society that kills depressives. People like me. No thanks. I'll always oppose assisted suicide. It's a road we don't dare travel as a culture..."
" shows why some people shouldn't use social media. Followed by... See, when you make JOKES about serious road accidents, there's always the possibility that this will backfire. It's time to tell the story of Michael Weisser and Daryl Davis. may know these stories. If not, they're something that would interest her. Michael Weisser is Jewish cantor who moved to Omaha, Nebraska, in June of 1991. He immediately began getting harassing and threatening phone calls. Then packages started arriving at the Weisser home. The police told the Weissers that the man responsible was Ku Klux Klan Grand Dragon Larry Trapp. Although severely ill from diabetes, Trapp was considered very dangerous. Weisser did something that nobody expected. HE began incessantly called TRAPP. Trapp eventually picked up the phone, and Weisser asked if he and his family could help him in any way. After a long silence, Trapp declined. As he neared death, Trapp experienced a spiritual crisis. One day a Vietnamese woman helped him get into an elevator, so he announced on the radio that he no longer felt that whites were superior. But at a news conference, he began shouting racial slurs. So Weisser called him and angrily accused him of falling back on his word. Trapp explained that he wanted OUT but didn't know how to do it. So Michael and Julie Weisser went to Trapp's house and met him in person. Trapp begged them to take all his Nazi regalia and get rid of it. He couldn't stand it anymore. The three had dinner. Trapp spoke at length about his history as a klansman. Two days later, Trapp resigned from the Klan and sent letters of apology to every person in Omaha who he'd harassed. He also volunteered to be interviewed by the FBI, giving up everything he knew. In early 1992, Larry Trapp moved in with the Weissers. He converted to Judaism on June 5, 1992. He died in the Weisser house on September 6, 1992. He said he wasn't afraid. That's Michael Weisser's story. This is Daryl Davis's story. Davis's ""hobby"" is befriending members of the Klan and convincing them to quit. In 30 years, he's converted 200. This is nobody's victim. Now, I'm not saying that WE have to have the massive, clanking, superhuman bawlz of Michael Weisser and Daryl Davis. But don't their stories make people like look like the petty buttholes they are? Weisser and Davis deal with members of the KU KLUX KLAN. Bill Kristol hates people because they disagree with him politically. He makes JOKES about serious road accidents if the victims are people he hates because of political disagreement. Don't be Bill Kristol. Don't be Jonathan Tasini. Be Michael Weisser and Daryl Davis..."
" I'm going to link to a thread by , but first! Let me explain the most brilliant thing I ever heard: I was at the gym, and a very old man fell in the shower and cut his head. I helped him up, and he wanted to go home. A male nurse was there, and he called 911. The old man called his son, who arrived at the same time as the paramedics. Neither the old man nor the son wanted to go to the hospital. Then the head paramedic cut through it all with the most brilliant thing I've ever heard: ""Listen to me! You were knocked unconscious. That is NOT normal. You MUST go to the hospital to be checked out. Being knocked unconscious is NOT normal."" This applies to EVERYTHING. When something is NOT normal, it's deserving of special consideration. A thread on NOT normal. "
" I WAS RIGHT. The Lebanese used the M81 woodland pattern uniform as a matter of national identity. All Lebanese recognize this uniform. Hezbollah also uses the M81 woodland pattern uniform. This is an American design. Hezbollah uses it as a form of taunting. The Islamic Revolutionary guard Corps of Iran uses the M81 woodland pattern. So do Iraqi militias that Iran controlled. So does the Syrian Arab Army. And the Afghan and Pakistani militias in Syria. Even the bottom-of-the-barrel Houthis wear the M81 woodland pattern. I said it appeared that the Lebanese army was changing to the multicam family of patterns, which the world's special forces use. And the experts laughed! ""Hui-hui-hui-hui-hui-hui! Such a cute old man, with his funny ideas."" SURPRISE! One. Two. Three. Since the Lebanese PRESIDENT and COMMANDER OF THE ARMED FORCES had a ceremony in which they formally adopted multicam as a replacement for the M81 woodland pattern, this was a message: ""Lebanon is free. We don't take orders from anyone."" IF--and that's a BIG IF--we're seeing regime change in Iran, it'll happen the same way Lebanon was freed: clandestinely. Without fanfare. The change of uniform in Lebanon is VERY significant. It shows that massive shifts can happen without anybody KNOWING that they're happening... ADDENDUM: This also makes it easier for foreign Arab troops to fight as Lebanese. They don't have to buy new uniforms..."
" I never talk politics with strangers. Before the election, all the immigrants at my gym went political. 100 percent of them were for Trump. Mexican, Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai, Palestinian, Iraqi, Turkish, Indian, Nigerian. You know what? It made me incredibly proud of this country. These were FEARLESS CITIZENS, as American as you and me. Exercising their rights. Not second-class citizens. AMERICANS. Mixing it up. All the native-born Californians over the age of thirty were for Hillary. And all the native-born Californians UNDER thirty were for Trump. When I bought my car, the salesman was Nigerian, the loan officer was Saudi, the CFO was Mexican, and the branch manager was Korean. All immigrants, and all sarcastic as hell. THAT is a sign of a great country. When immigrants are sarcastic, it means they feel they belong. Where I live, all the Arab immigrants and their kids call you ""boss."" They don't hide it! They're not afraid. We are a great culture..."
" Okay, I took a shot at surfing videos with horrible music. I watch aviation videos. I LOVE this music, and EVERYONE ELSE hates it. See, it's BASS in the music. The tone and the note choice and the attack are brilliant. The bassist is using a pick or plectrum, which the purists say is sacrilege. I LOVE those who don't let orthodoxy stop them. The bassist has put distortion on the instrument, and the tone is ""deep treble."" You can hear the metallic squeaking of the strings against the fingers. Finally, the bassist uses ""ghost notes"" that are pure percussion. It's like a drum like played on the bass. And I can't find who did this music, despite looking for seven years. SO! Trash me! I can take it..."
" Aha! The Qataris leaked this. ""The message was sent last year in wake of the abduction of 25 Qatari citizens by Iraqi kidnappers. Qatar had kicked off secret talks to ensure their release."" ""The bargaining however turned into a kind of group shakedown, the official said, with a half-dozen militias and foreign governments jostling to squeeze cash from Doha."" ""'The Syrians, ‘Hezbollah’-Lebanon, the Iraqi Hezbollah-- all want money, and this is their chance,' Zayed bin Saeed al-Khayareen, Qatar's ambassador to Iraq and chief negotiator in the hostage affair, wrote in a message. 'All of them are thieves.'"" Guess why this was leaked? To show the rest of the Gulf Cooperation Council that Qatar has been held hostage. So the Qataris show that their funding of terrorism was coerced. Qatar wouldn't leak this if the pressure was still on them. Moment by moment, we move closer to a world without the Iranian mullahs. Their hold over the region is radically weakened..."
" I'm unable to answer all the direct messages. There are hundreds. Let me see if I can explain my position using as the hypothetical. I have a theory that the general created a counterespionage operation that solved all of Trump's problems. IT'S JUST A THEORY. Flynn had to GET ARRESTED in order to expose what was happening. Now, I say this without ever having discussed anything WITH the general or his family. One reason I say this is because I want people to understand something: Michael Flynn would never had done ANYTHING to either harm the country or enrich himself at the expense of the country. But extreme measure require extreme countermeasures. Flynn would not have discussed this with anyone. Everything had to unroll truthfully. Trump knew that SOMETHING would happen, but he and the general didn't plan anything together. Now, I'm just a guy on Twitter. Trump and Flynn and Pence, and everyone else are not only smarter, they have access to intelligence that I don't. So the SECOND that Flynn's operation began, ALL those smarter people with access to intelligence knew what was happening. They took it from there. This is not a GAME. The Trump administration was in danger of being DESTROYED by partisan members of every possible agency you can imagine. AND the judiciary. Where we are today is the direct result of Flynn's counterespionage operation. Mueller, Horowitz, and Rosenstein are zeroing in on MASSIVE abuses and illegal spying. Now, let's say that I convinced General Flynn to have lunch with me. And let's say that DURING that lunch, I started asking him questions about what's happening. In MY OPINION, that would give the general the freedom to LIE TO ME and mercilessly USE me, because I had proven that I was trying to use HIM. Of course, I don't KNOW the general. I'm not saying that he WOULD do that. BUT. If I were the general, and someone tried to use me, I would mercilessly use that person in order to make sure that my operation succeeded. What follows is my own opinion: I would NEVER believe ANYONE who told me ANYTHING for publication. If--and that's a BIG IF--the general indeed crafted a counterespionage operation, HE'LL NEVER ADMIT TO IT. Look around you at the the people telling you things. They all have something to gain from you listening. My own opinion is that personal aggrandizement takes precedence over the good of the country. And THAT gives REAL patriots the freedom to mercilessly USE people in their quest to save the country. People on Twitter say, ""We need more real patriots like you and General Flynn."" With all due respect, that's ridiculous. I never served. I'm a guy who spitballs on Twitter. It may be that people don't quite grasp the magnitude of what happened from 2009 to 2017. It may also be that people assign too much importance to themselves. It doesn't cut any ice with me when people say, ""But someone told Greg Jarrett that..."" They're going to tell Jarrett what they NEED to tell him, in order for all of this to work. If I were General Flynn, and somebody asked me things that they planned on publishing later, I'd tell that person whatever I needed to tell him, in order to make my plan successful. And THAT'S why if I ever met General Flynn, we'd talk about everything EXCEPT his tenure as president Trump's adviser, National Security Adviser, and former National Security Adviser. If you yourself are willing to use others for personal aggrandizement, that gives them the freedom to turn the tables on you. For REAL patriots, all that matters is the country. So buyer beware. Your sources--as must as you trust them--may be telling you things in order to advance a strategic narrative..."
" asks a question. She's asking about my theory that Michael Flynn assembled a group I call the Leak Killers. General Flynn served as National Security Adviser. As such, he chose a staff. The general's staff received Top Secret / Sensitive Compartmentalized Information (TS/SCI) security clearances. When you're fired, your security clearance is not revoked. General Flynn resigned, and General H.R. McMaster became National Security Adviser. The press--conservative and liberal--went insane about how McMaster was ""purging"" the National Security Council of Flynn's staff. I read EVERY STORY about this, and here's what I discovered: There are no photos of ANY member of Flynn's staff. One civilian member appeared in a video. I won't give his name. Here's the only name I'll use, since there was a whole article about him: The one photo of Ezra Cohen-Watnick (ECW) published was never verified. So I won't post it. From the article about ECW: ""Despite his prominent, and apparently quite secure, position in Trump’s NSC, little is known about Cohen-Watnick, who had spent much of his short career as a low-ranking official at the Defense Intelligence Agency."" ""Ask around about Ezra Cohen-Watnick, and people get defensive. Some profess not to know him, or ask why anyone would want to write about him. Others simply refuse to discuss him."" ""'I won’t talk to any journalist about Ezra,' said Michael Ledeen, a Flynn confidant who knows Cohen-Watnick well."" EVERY SINGLE FLYNN STAFFER is now off the radar screen. Here's what you get when you go to the White House Website and look up the National Security Council. A WHOLE BUNCH of names were removed from the Wikipedia page about the NSC. Intelligence leaks are ILLEGAL. So my theory is that Flynn, Trump, McMaster, and National Security Agency Director Admiral Mike Rogers created the Leak Killers. Admiral Rogers can give raw signals intelligence (SIGINT) to people with TS/SCI security clearances. He needs to be able to prove in court that the person NEEDED the raw SIGINT. Raw SIGINT is phones calls, texts, e-mails, faxes, etc. Admiral Rogers can give it out when there's a question of national security. Since the NSA relies on the FBI to conduct domestic surveillance, there has to be some kind double-blind system that initially masks the identities of the leakers. The Leak Killers would be bound by privacy laws. This would have to be a foolproof operation, legally. Nobody's being PROSECUTED, right? That has something to do with it. I'm not smart enough to figure out how all of this works legally. But you can bet that it's all legal. The key is the illegality of the leaks. That gives the government a lot of leeway. They're not going through the FISA court, because it's corrupt, and these are American citizens, not foreigners. I think NSA Counterintelligence Investigators play a role, since we're talking about crimes committed against the president. At any rate, Flynn figured out how to do it all legally. And McMaster helped. So that's my theory, and I'm sticking to it... ADDENDUM: Obama made it easier for the NSA to share raw SIGINT. The FBI's Intelligence Branch (IB) is a member of the Intelligence community (IC) that can ask for raw SIGINT. That may have something to do with it too..."
" We have a barrage of fake leaks about Trump administration palace intrigue. Secretary of Defense Mattis gives a speech in which he announces the overhaul of the US Armed forces. Several times, Mattis mentions a capability of fighting from space. For the first time, the western press reports that Arab commandos are attached to Syrian units. If he's infiltrating Islamic State lines and posing as a terrorist, he's not Syrian. He's almost certainly Saudi. This smoke tower is unlike any I've ever seen. Skinny and vertical. New technology. Other munitions are producing perfect vortex rings. Usually you see that only with nuclear weapons. It's all building to a head. Iran is about to be liberated."
" Movies. Before I knew I had PTSD, I went to movies that caused flashbacks. A flashback isn't visual; it's emotional. You re-experience the terror and horror you felt during the original trauma. The movie Blade Runner had a scene in which one the replicants killed a man by shoving his thumbs through the guy's eyes. I saw that scene in 1983. I've never watched it again. I know that it's two actors: Rutger Hauer and Joe Turkel. Nobody got hurt. But I can't endure that scene. I read something years ago that stayed with me: Watching violence--real or simulated--is very bad for you because it both desensitizes AND traumatizes. It wrecks the chemical balance of your brain. Once you reach that state of traumatized desensitization, you can't come back. Because you're desensitized, you have to keep searching for worse and worse violence to get the same thrill. That causes more and more trauma. It's a death spiral. That's why I stopped watching videos of terrorists being killed. I realized that it was actually a desecration. They deserved to die, but turning their deaths into entertainment trivializes the people who have to kill the terrorists. Avoiding all that has made me feel much better. I don't believe that YOU must watch what terrorists do. Nor do I believe that you must watch what is ""done in your name."" Those arguments are made in bad faith. It's entirely moral to turn away from those things. The people who criticize you for it? THEY'RE the immoral ones."
" You know what gets lost in the Trump Era? is easily history's most dauntless world leader. He fears NOTHING. As a businessman, Trump gives everything a cost-benefit analysis. His goal is improvement. So he asks one question: Will this bring about improvement? If the answer is ""Yes,"" then Trump gives it the green light and moves on. This means that TRUMP HAS NO QUALMS about exposing ANYONE. ANYONE. Trump took on this job as a one-time deal. He WILL change everything. End of story. Therefore he's like the Terminator. He can't be bargained with. He can't be talked out of his mission. He doesn't feel fear. And he absolutely will not stop, ever. Trump makes his decision and then goes on to the next challenge. No second guessing. The opposition is DOOMED."
" asks a question. In 1986, I lived in Tokyo. My best friend was a guy named Steiv Dixon. He was the handsomest man I ever knew. The reason I mention Steiv's looks is that he got attention wherever he went. He was 6'4"" and looked like a model. But he sought ME out for a friendship. He had a wacky sense of humor, and he saw in me a kindred spirit. I was the only person Steiv ever met who didn't talk about his looks. So we had conversation about everything. Smartest, funniest guy I ever knew. Steiv had an ex-girlfriend from L.A. She's the only person on earth with her name, so I'll call her ""Jenny,"" because she looked exactly like Jennifer Beals. Jenny came to visit Steiv in Tokyo. She stayed with him for a day or so, and then Steiv's new girlfriend objected, so Jenny came to stay with me. Like Steiv, she was incredibly funny and smart. Steiv's new girlfriend was so upset by all this that he took Steiv out of Tokyo. Or rather, he took HIMSELF out of Tokyo at the behest of his girlfriend. So I decided to show Jenny the town. She was six feet tall, and when we went out, she wore this. The Tokyo hot spot was a place called Roppongi. We had to take multiple trains. All the passengers in our car fell silent when Jenny walked in and sat down. I'm not a ""looks"" guy. I liked Jenny because or her sense of humor and intelligence. Her outdoor appearance was a disguise. In my apartment, she wore no makeup, a sweatshirt, and jeans. At the first club we hit in Roppongi, a group of six young American men roared ""WHOA!"" at us and ran over. Two men took me to the bar, and four went out on the dance floor with Jenny. She was a professional dancer, so it was just live Saturday Night Fever. Everyone cleared the dance floor and watched Jenny and the four men dirty dance. The other two men bought drink after drink after drink. All six of them traded places, like on an assembly line. They danced or bought me drinks. At some point I told them I couldn't drink anymore, so Jenny and all six of them danced together. They were all very good dancers. So I was sitting at the bar, drinking coffee, and this voice, ""They're gonna steal your girl."" I looked around, and there was hunched, morose American guy sitting next to me. ""What do you mean?"" I said. ""Them guys. They're gonna steal your girl."" ""She not my girl,"" I said. ""she makes her own decisions. She just wants to dance. I'm a crappy dancer. All those guys can dance, so she's happy."" The morose guy said, ""Yeah, well, I'm a radio operator on the Navy ship that came in today. That's our complement of SEALs. They dance so they can steal girls."" He was really bitter. ""Well, I don't know what to tell you,"" I said. ""She's not my girl, and if she wants to go home six Navy SEALs, I'm not going to stop her."" He sneered, shook his head, and turned away from me. Jenny and the SEALs danced ALL NIGHT. She came over few times to ask how I was doing. ""Everything's fine,"" I said. ""You know who you're dancing with?"" ""OH YEAH."" We were the last people there. They finally turned on all the lights to make us leave. Outside, the SEALs all shook my hand, kissed Jenny, and paid for our taxi home. Wasn't that nice of them...? ADDENDUM: I'm being asked, ""What happened next?"" Jenny went home. She was a professional dancer in L.A. in the 1980s. The SEALs and I were the only men she'd ever met who didn't hit on her. She and I spent two weeks talking. She found me a relief. I don't have flings. I always got emotionally attached, so I never had torrid affairs..."
" This is SO TEDIOUS. I'm sick of the inability to think. But I will now spell things out, the way I would to children. A conspiracy is two or more people getting together to plan ILLEGAL ACTS. All of you people bombarding me with your bullshit know damn well what I'm talking about when I say, ""conspiracy theory."" Chemtrails. The government killed JFK. 9/11 was an inside job. All mass shootings are ""false flags."" And so on. The Gulf of Tonkin Incident is NOT a conspiracy theory that was proven true. None of you geniuses even know the details. What happened was that there were TWO incidents, one based on actual engagement with the enemy and one based on hysteria on the part of the US armed forces. Nobody had the balls to tell Lyndon Johnson that the SECOND incident was a hallucination, but it doesn't matters: THERE WAS AN ACTUAL ENGAGEMENT with the enemy. Every example you people are sending me HAS NOT BEEN PROVEN. You don't even know what Project MKUltra was. You couldn't describe it if I held a 155mm artillery piece to your head. This all started because I DEBUNKED A DISHONEST TWEET. Here's a video of 10 rounds per second being fired. Here's a video of TWO volleys of 10 rounds per second being fired. In every video, the shooter fired 10 rounds per second. He fired twelve volleys of 100 rounds each, for a total of 1200 rounds. It took 120 seconds. Two minutes out of the nine minutes were devoted to actual firing. People asked me, ""Why are there no cellphone videos?"" after they watched CELLPHONE VIDEOS. This is pure madness, and I want no part of it. So: I am the guy who you NEVER tweet to about conspiracy theories. Take it or leave it. Talk to OTHERS about this shit. Don't talk to ME about it. For two days in a row, conspiracy theorists have driven me off of Twitter. That has ended. Now, I will BLOCK EVERYONE WHO TWEETS a conspiracy theory to me. Remember: I AM THE GUY WHO HATES conspiracy theories and conspiracy theorists. That's my thing. If you don't like it, too bad. It's not about being ""open minded."" You people are tweeting utter insanity while calling it ""asking questions."" Therefore YOU figure it out. I'm done doing your thinking for you. If I feel like talking about something, I'll talk about it. If I feel like blocking YOU for asking me about, I will. I can tell who's sincere and who's a belligerent lunatic. You engage me at your own risk. Remember: I'm the guy who hates this stuff. YOU can engage in your little fantasies all you want. Leave me out. I take murder seriously, so I won't desecrate the victims by entertaining STUPID, CRAZY, DISHONEST jabber about what happened. You have been warned... ADDENDUM: Like little kids, people are testing me. Fine. Bring it on. I'll block 70,000 people if necessary. ADDENDUM TWO: People are still being defiant assholes, so I will be absolutely clear: I'm talking about demented conspiracy theories involving DEATH and MASS TORTURE. That's all. So you can stop demanding that I conform to YOUR notions. And eff you for your fascism."
" We're seeing two different sets of photos. In this one, the murderer is LYING on one, there's one on a bipod over his feet, and there's one on a bipod knocked over. As far from ""carefully placed"" as you can imagine. What's the ""strategic placement"" value of THIS weapon? I don't see it. And in this one, it's not even possible to tell how many weapons there are. This is an open-and-shut case. Americans of fifty years ago would've seen that. We aren't as grounded as our parents and grandparents..."
" Here's a reasonable request. Who is telling us this? ""Sources briefed on the matter."" Grand-jury indictments are secret. So is Mueller's investigation. This would be an illegal leak. Which is more important, domestic politics or geopolitics? Personally, I think geopolitics are more important to Trump than domestic politics, because he needs other nations to be stable. Stability allows American corporations to expand, which is good for our economy. Stability is also good for our national security. When it comes to geopolitics, the Trump administration has HAD NO LEAKS. Why did the Saudis welcome Trump as a hero? WE DON'T KNOW. It never leaked. The Pentagon just briefed us on how we fight our air campaigns. NONE OF THIS STUFF LEAKED. We took nine months each to prepare Mosul and Raqqa. Each Coalition aircraft carries TEN WEAPON OPTIONS. No photos. No video. No leaks. I have no blooming idea what the hell THIS is. We see multiple small explosions but NO IMPACTS. It appears that several munitions released explosive vapor. Then BOOM! A massive shock wave flattened everything. There's no literature on SEVERAL fuel-air munition being used simultaneously. Can you grasp the technological hurdles you'd have to overcome in order to create a giant boom-cloud from several munitions? This is science fiction made real. BUT NO LEAKS. Our troops aren't sneaking out cell-phone photos. Our military operations are airtight. When Comey met Trump, his body language showed respect, humility, gratitude, and humor. Look at his face. ""Why I oughtta..."" He's also saying--respectfully--""I'll get you for this, you SOB!"" Trump TWEAKS HIS ENEMIES. Trump yanked Comey out of the crowd. Comey's hands are clasped; he's a mendicant. BUT HE ALSO THINKS IT'S FUNNY. Comey recently began Trump-trolling people. This is Comey's ""covfefe."" Although I have no contacts in Washington, I've been tested multiple times. I turn down all attempts to draw me in. These people are playing FOR KEEPS. I'd be INSANE to get involved in what's going on. See, they put country first. If a person is in this for fame and clicks and likes, THEY'LL USE YOU. Mercilessly. As well they should. My guess is that everyone with sources is told, ""You know what you're getting into, right?"" It's like when cops pretend to be hit men. ""You know you're breaking the law, right? And the answer is ""I don't care! Gimmie-gimmie-gimmie!"" I am ON THE OUTSIDE. It's where I want to be. I use only open sources because THAT WAY I DO NO DAMAGE. So: I have no idea if indictments are coming. To be honest, I'm not even thinking about it. Trump did nothing wrong, so he's safe. As for everybody else? Politics ain't bean bag. If you dive into it, prepare to pay the price..."
" Yes. 948. In 51 years, 948 Americans have been killed in stranger-on-stranger mass shootings. In 1966, we had a population of 196 million. Now it's 330 million. Gun ownership nearly doubled from 2008 to 2016. Yet the total number of Americans to die in stranger-on-stranger mass shootings since 1966 is 948. The leading cause of violent death in the US is accidental injury. 199,000 people per year die from accidental injury. Gun ownership should be subject to a cost-benefit analysis. What are the costs? About 12,000 homicides and 20,000 suicides per year. What are the benefits? In other words, how many crimes per years are PREVENTED due to gun ownership? Well, LEGAL gun owners commit only 18 percent of gun crimes. More and more people are legally carrying concealed weapons, but it's not causing the murder rate to rise. In terms of armed citizens actually USING weapons to defend themselves, it's about 70,000 per year. But that figure is almost certainly FAR too low. People rarely report having to BRANDISH a firearm, for example. The figure of 70,000 cases of self-defense per year comes from an ANTI-GUN group. Purely in terms of numbers, we can see that there's more of a benefit to gun ownership than there is a cost. About half of murder victims knew their killer, but in almost 45 percent of the cases, the relationship is unknown. In 1993, 80 percent of murder victims knew their killer in prosecuted cases. My guess is that murder is almost always domestic violence, ""friends"" fighting, or criminals fighting. Considering that we have 330 MILLION people, the rate of stranger-on-stranger murder is incredibly low."
" I love the fact that runs intellectual rings around his opponents, allowing them to sneer as he moves in for the kill. A photo from the White House taken on the first day of the shutdown Trump at his desk, wearing the same overcoat and cap. Trump meeting with senior staffers, wearing the same overcoat and cap. Everybody's smiling and laughing except for him. Predictably, there was an outburst of hilarity among the stupid. So I did a little research on symbolism. First, the cap. Next, the overcoat. ""The Overcoat"" is a short story by Ukrainian-born Russian author author Nikolai Gogol, published in 1842. The story is about a civil servant who has such a shabby overcoat that he is made fun of constantly. He saves up and buys a new overcoat, only to have it stolen when he's mugged. The authorities won't help the civil servant, so he goes home, falls sick, and dies. Then his ghost appears in Saint Petersburg, taking the overcoats of those who had mocked him. The final victim is a Russian general--an ""important personage""--who had belittled the civil servant and made him fall ill. The ghost steals the general's overcoat and disappears forever. But as the story ends, ANOTHER ghost is seen in another part of Saint Petersburg. See, everything is changing in Saint Petersburg. Those who were downtrodden are finally getting their revenge. And their numbers are growing. The name of the the civil servant is Akaky Akakievitch Bashmachkin, which would be ""John Johnson"" in English. Everyman. The literal translation is ""Man Lacking in Evil, Under Someone's Thumb."" Before his new overcoat is stolen, Akaky becomes a man of high self-esteem, and his expectations are raised. The overcoat is responsible. ""The Overcoat"" is famous for what's called ""the humane passage."" As everyone in the office makes fun of Akaky, he finally breaks. ""Leave me alone! Why do you insult me?” he shouts. A new worker who was making fun of Arkaky suddenly stops in his tracks and realizes something: The cry of a man suffering means, ""I am your brother."" The new worker “shuddered at how much inhumanity there is in man.” This is the most well-known passage in the story: """"How little humane feeling after all was to be found in men's hearts; how much coarseness and cruelty was to be found even in the educated and those who were everywhere regarded as good and honorable men."" So Trump wears his overcoat to signal that the days of being under others' thumbs are over. The shutdown is backfiring. The FISA memo will be released. The inhumane morons snicker under the anvil hanging over their heads. Trump is sawing away at the rope holding up the anvil. And he's wearing an overcoat. All is well..."
" Anatomy of a military deception (MILDEC) operation. ""The Houthi armed group control a large swath of territory inside Saudi Arabia, The New Khalij has reported, however the kingdom has not mentioned this publically."" ""The real story is about a cover-up of Saudi military embarrassment and the imminent risk of wider conflict from which Iran, at little cost to itself, will only profit.” So said Simon Henderson, Baker Fellow and Director of the Gulf and Energy Policy Programme at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. ""The Houthis effectively control a strip of Saudi territory several miles deep along the border, from opposite the city of Jizan eastwards to Najran – we are talking about 100 square miles of the kingdom, possibly more,” he added. ""'There is some debate whether the land can be described as occupied or not, and occasionally the Saudi military makes forays into it, but essentially it serves as a launching area for Houthi attacks on Saudi military positions and border towns,' Henderson continued."" Look at that big ol' chunk of Saudi land that the Houthis control! If you're a Houthi, you'll go there, your mouth crammed full of leaves as you splutter, ""God is great, death to America, death to Israel, a curse on the Jews, victory to Islam."" They shout all five slogans every three seconds. The five slogans are on their flag. So the word went out on January 26, 2018, that the Houthis controlled this much of Saudi Arabia. Houthi fighters flocked there in large numbers. GUESS WHAT HAPPENED TO THEM? They were slaughtered first on February 11, 2018, by artillery. See the red box? Jazan is the city on the left, and Najran is the city on the right. The Houthis tried to go into both cities, and they staggered into two ambushes. That was February 11, 2018. Then again on February 13. Then again on February 15. Today. Let's go back to the original claim. ""The Houthi armed group control a large swath of territory inside Saudi Arabia, The New Khalij has reported, however the kingdom has not mentioned this publically."" What's the New Khalij? A Saudi publication. Here's the photo they used in their claim that the Houthis control 100 square miles of Saudi Arabia. See the sad Crown Prince? ""If you build it, he will come."" If you publish what people want to believe, they'll believe it. Did you know that Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has been 32 years old since March 26, 2015? The Saudis are trying to see how long they can keep this running joke going. I used to really admire the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. No longer. This is their idée fixe: ""The inexperienced 32-year-old Crown Prince."" Mohammed bin Salman (MbS) began attending cabinet meetings when he was 12 years old. He was King Salman's MILITARY ADVISER when he was 23 or younger. MbS studied business. His knowledge of military issues is based SOLELY on his OWN PERSONAL READING. And MbS is easily--EASILY--the most stunning military genius of all time. I don't understand the refusal to accept this. You see my tweets. Count the guys who say, ""Them Ay-rabs cain't fight worth sheeyit!"" They're ignoring reality. Why? I didn't HALLUCINATE Saudi military prowess; I FOUND it. THEY proved to ME that they're absolute masters of all kinds of warfare. Did I expect that? ABSOLUTELY NOT. But if you STUDY REALITY, you MUST conclude that the Saudis are absolute masters of the military arts. I'll show you JUST ONE THING: The largest amphibious landing in the history of the Middle East. Thousands of tanks, light armored vehicles, armored personnel carriers, infantry fighting vehicles, mine resistant ambush protected (MRAP) vehicles, and self-propelled artillery pieces. When did it happen? We don't know. We don't know when or how. That's unprecedented. The global press filmed the marines landing in Somalia in 1992. Every detail of the landing was leaked: location, time, units, etc. How the HELL did the Saudis secretly insert thousands of armored vehicles into Yemen? How have their men avoided being filmed for three years now? They started fighting on March 26, 2015. The ""Ay-rabs cain't fight"" crowd would fall over DEAD if they knew what was ACTUALLY going on..."
" You said earlier you learn stuff from me. Best trench raiders in World War One? Portuguese. Because of the martial art Jogo do Pau. That video is the best one I've found. It's full contact. They're actually trying to bash each other. You develop incredible reflexes. It's takes years to develop that speed, so all the best practitioners are middle aged or elderly. So in World War One, the middle-aged Portuguese officers went on trench raids and silently bashed in the skulls of an entire trench full of Germans. Getting across No Man's Land was the hard part. But once in the German trench, they used trench clubs. So a middle-aged Portuguese could roll up an entire trench in seconds. The British--to this day--falsely claim that the Portuguese Expeditionary Corp (CEP) was useless. The Brits called them the Pork and Beans. The false impression of Portuguese effectiveness is based on the Battle of the Lys (April 7 to 29, 1918). After a massive two-hour bombardment, about 20,000 Portuguese were hit by 100,000 German stormtroopers. There was just no way the CEP could resist. Aníbal Milhais was a light machine gunner during the battle. He single handedly stopped two German assault regiments. By staying at his post alone, he covered the retreat of the Portuguese and Scots. The Germans tried taking out Milhais with mortars and artillery, but he was too well dug in. Alone, he'd managed to hold up the entire operation, so the Germans went around him. Thus Milhais spent three days behind German lines, firing at anybody who came close, until he ran out of ammunition. With his empty gun, he now advanced WITH the Germans, until he found a Scottish major stuck in a swamp. Milhais rescued him. They made it back to British lines. Milhais was a modest man, so he answered, ""Nothing much,"" when asked what he'd been doing. ""Nothing much?"" the Scottish major roared. ""I saw the whole thing from my swamp!"" Milhais was put back on the front line, where he exactly repeated what he'd just done. Alone, he held up an entire German assault and covered the retreat of the Belgians. He became the most-decorated soldier of the CEP, receiving Portugal's highest honors, along with French and British decorations. The Portuguese commander said his actions were worth those of a million men, so Milhais became known as ""Soldier Millions."" He always made sure to bring back his empty gun, and he got out of the war alive... "
" Why did Jesus Campos go on the Ellen Degeneres show? Because of this. The conservative press turned him into a suspect in a mass murder. He correctly said, ""Eff you guys, then."" You could see in his interview that he was barely keeping it together. Why did nobody except for Ellen show us a map of where Campos was? Why didn't Laura Loomer tell us that the mass murderer had installed L-brackets on the stairway door? The security guard is cracking under the stress. He's 25 years old, and he has thousands of insane people harassing him. We're being fed a steady diet of misinformation. ""He's not licensed to work in Nevada."" Then why does he belong to the Security, Police, and Fire Professionals of America (SPFPA)? The Ellen interview answered the questions I wanted answered. Campos didn't talk to a conservative because they came across as barking lunatics. WEIRDLY ENOUGH, Las Vegas had trouble coping with an attack that nobody anticipated. And then the press and public FLUNKED THE TEST OF CHARACTER by running wild, like Yanomami Indians screaming about witch doctors. The reality is a man fired into a crowd because he was crazy. That's it. And the people ""reporting"" on it made everything worse..."
" The GCC will do all the fighting, I think. This will serve multiple geopolitical purposes. For one thing, it'll prevent Israel from being smeared by the world, as she was in 2006. The GCC has shown that it can fight in urban environments without killing civilians. So I think they'll use General Orde Wingate's ideas of mass infiltration BEHIND the enemy positions. They'll also launch a ground invasion from Israel, which is why Israel is clearing mines. The final part is electronic warfare that will render Hezbollah's missile arsenal useless. Hezbollah has 150,000+ missiles. Thousands would get through the Iron Dome. They can't target the launch sites from the air, because most are in civilians centers. The only way to do it is with ground troops. So a massive airlift of commandos will be dropped NORTH of the Litani River, the missiles will be hit with EMP weapons, and ground assault will come north out of Israel. Remember the Israelis said they could evacuate 1.5 million Lebanese in 24 hours? My guess is the GCC can neutralize Hezbollah in 24 hours. We had a small Beta Test: We dropped 500 commandos behind Islamic State lines in Syria. They were uniformed as the YPG. My guess is that this was a test of what would be used to take out Hezbollah. I think these men were Arab, Malay, Indonesian, and so on. Some were very short. The operation was 100 percent successful. They took a heavily guarded, heavily booby trapped dam. The concrete blockhouses of the dam had perfect holes in the roofs. The GCC uses kinetic weapons. I was able to clock this thing at Mach 18. It traveled faster than the speed of detonation cord, so that's how it prevents bombs from detonating. The munition leaves a trail of superheated air. They have big ones too. There's the superheated air again. Currently the Yemenis and the GCC are undertaking NINE simultaneous ground assaults in Yemen. The Houthis defenses are identical to the Hezbollah defenses. The ground offensives smashed through some of them in less than a day. We're talking minefields five miles deep. Concrete fighting posts with antitank missiles. Didn't matter. There's a video of Iran's Supreme Leader Khamenei from 1989, telling his buddies that he was unqualified to be the boss, but they elected him anyway. And he refuses to step down. So total denial is how these guys operate. The method for taking out Hezbollah has been used in Syria and Yemen, so it'll work in Lebanon. The Iranians and Hezbollah know what's coming. But they refuse to do anything different until it's forced on them..."
" Somebody explain this to me. Al Franken just joined the handful of United States senators to resign over criminal actions. Franken insists that he's innocent and that the Senate Ethics Committee would have agreed. But he resigned anyway. In contrast, ALSO insists that he's innocent, yet the accusations against HIM are taken as the gospel truth. Roy Moore hasn't dropped out of his race. AND both President Trump and the RNC are supporting the judge. Franken was pressured by his party to resign. So why is Al Franken STILL everybody's cuddly pal, while Roy Moore is the boogeyman? Do you know how political parties pressure you to resign? They threaten to reveal MORE about you. I know that Roy Moore is a polarizing person. But why are the RNC and president Trump supporting him? Because the accusations against Roy Moore don't stand up. Trump and the RNC can't afford to give the Democrats ammunition. The fear was that electing the judge would make the Republicans ""the party of fill-in-the-blank."" That fear is gone. Neither Trump nor the RNC were under any obligation to support Roy Moore. The judge could have been blocked from being sworn in or removed AFTER he was sworn in. What made Trump and the RNC decide that Roy Moore is innocent? ROY MOORE'S RECORD and his refusal to stop fighting. When the dam breaks, and a powerful figure is revealed as being abusive and bad for business, all of his associates go into ""CYA mode."" The Democrat party is going into DAMAGE CONTROL MODE. The Republican party is going in the opposite direction. They're SUPPORTING Roy Moore. Not out of morals. They're doing it because they no longer think he will be a liability. The reason the Republicans no longer think that Roy Moore will be a liability is that they believe him to be innocent. The accusations and evidence fall apart under scrutiny. Al Franken has been expelling clouds of weasel words since all of this came up. He's innocent, but he did questionable things, maybe, and he's going to learn, and he let people down even though he's innocent. Here on Twitter, during the height of my debunking of Palestinian propaganda, I was accused DAILY of the same thing that Roy Moore's enemies accuse him of. It's the go-to accusation for leftists. Here's what I always said: ""ANOTHER leftist finds an opportunity to talk about his obsession publicly. He has this topic on his feverish mind 24 hours a day."" ""Tell us, Mr. X, why are you thinking about this ALL THE TIME? There's a ritualized quality to your accusations. My guess is that you're describing yourself, not me."" It always worked. They never tried that gambit on me twice. Now, Roy Moore must maintain a certain level of sobriety, so he can't do THE OTHER thing I did, which was to respond with maniacal absurdity. When people made the accusation, I'd say, ""Who are you talking to? I don't even have a Twitter account."" On Twitter, of course. Their two-volt brains shorted out. OR when they said, ""You LOOK like someone who does those things,"" I'd say, ""You would know, wouldn't you? Lacking your experience, I'll take your word for it."" The best defense is a good offense. One man resigns, while (sort of) proclaiming his innocence. Another man proclaims his innocence in plain language, stays in the race, and gains the support of the president and the party's national committee. I know who I believe. "
" To me, there IS no supernatural. I told this story before, but I like it. So here we go again! I've always looked for answers, especially to the meaning of life. Both my parents committed suicide. I have Meniere's disease, an incurable autoimmune disorder that's exacerbated by stress. It makes the world spin violently. My doctor said it would take three years to accommodate my parents' deaths enough that I wouldn't have rotational vertigo attacks. I also have severe PTSD. This has happened many times. It's been rough. But one night I was sitting here, and I got a specific urge: Go get a chicken sandwich. It was 2:00 am. I HAD to do it. So I went out to a Carl's Jr/Hardee's and went to the drive through. After I ordered, I saw a young man sitting on the bus bench. I couldn't take my eyes off of him. He was sitting with his legs crossed. There's no bus at two in the morning. When I got my sandwich, I drove over to him. He got up to meet me. He was wearing a tan 1940s suit and a fedora. ""Are you waiting for a bus?"" I asked. I was looking at his CHEST. I didn't want to look at his face. It seemed inappropriate. ""I just celebrated the Sabbath,"" he said. ""Now I'm going home. Will you give me a ride?"" It was Saturday morning. ""Sure,"" I said, thinking, WHAT HELL AM I DOING? He got in and told me where he wanted to go. Then he talked. I can't remember anything he said except that he has four kings in his family, and that people don't live the way they should. His laugh was deafening, but it didn't hurt my ears. It was like a train horn. I counted nine notes in it. ""I'm really hungry,"" he said. So I gave him my chicken sandwich. ""You're a really good man,"" he said. ""I hope you know that."" I did ask him where he was from. ""Jerusalem."" He said he'd celebrated Sabbath at a temple and had a long conversation with the rabbi about morality. I just now remembered that. There aren't any temples within fifty miles of where I live. Now I'm remembering something else: He said the rabbi invited him alone to the temple, and they talked for hours, celebrating the Sabbath, just the two of them. I didn't look at him once in the car. It just seemed wrong. I wasn't afraid, but it seemed like I was dreaming. When we got to his destination, he turned to me, and looked into his face. I couldn't see it. His face was blurry. He held out his hand, so I shook it. It was as hard as steel. ""What's your name?"" I asked. ""Michael."" As he got out of the car, I touched his back between his shoulder blades. Put my whole palm on him. And I felt totally at peace. He waved as I drove away. And I have no doubt that I gave a ride to an archangel. I'm not religious, but Saint Michael the Archangel is one of my heroes, because he's a murderous warrior who protects. When my father died, the chaplain told me that Saint Michael is also the Angel of Death. He guards the dead on their journey. They say that if you practice anything for 10,000 hours, you become a master at it. I've looked for answers for fifty years. If you look hard enough and long enough, you'll find your answers. EVERYONE can. I don't think I'm special. I just NOTICE things. When Michael sat on the bench, he was moving his shoulders. It looked exactly like he was flapping wings..."
" Gotta makes sure everybody reads these comments by ""January 20th - 21st, 2017 - 45 sworn into office. Flynn's senior staff begins to get deployed and granted TS/SCI clearances while Trump immediately begins to fire swaths of people at both State and CIA."" ""Going as far as to give a speech at Langley wherein he joked about building a new CIA ""without any columns"". ""Columns in intelligence speak is defined as such: 'any group of people who undermine a larger group from within, usually in favor of an enemy group or nation.'"" ""This is an incredibly audacious 'joke' for a newly elected president to make while standing in front of the CIA's wall of honor."" ""During the same speech, 45 specifically calls out Flynn. This is significant because he's standing in Langley."" ""Flynn was once head of DIA - DIA and CIA do not get along and it was Flynn's clash with the CIA which lead to him losing his position."" ""The subtext here is perhaps more than just Trump standing behind Flynn amidst the fire storm, it's more a 'game on' statement:"" ""The columns comment comes immediately after 45 'rambles' about 'liking honest reporting' @ the 15:09:"" ""'We'll get rid of the columns.' !!!! The columns in this could possibly mean those in CIA and other USIC agencies who have been leaking classified intel damaging to the administration to the 'dishonest' press."" So: I don't know who is. We've never spoken before. ""We'll get rid of the columns. You understand that?"" DID strike me as very cryptic. Therefore I'm retweeting this interpretation. The more information people have, the better... ADDENDUM: Trump stood on the right when he made his comments about columns. ADDENDUM TWO: For the record, leftists call TRUMP a fifth columnist. And I'll bet you didn't know this: The term ""deep state"" is...TURKISH! ""Derin devlet."" "
" So--aside from the shooter's volition--what is the major dysfunction that leads to school shootings? Lust for... The reason we have more mass shootings than any other country is that Americans value fame over EVERYTHING. Other countries have far more access to guns than we do. They don't have mass shootings, because they aren't obsessed with fame. ALL mass shooters study mass shootings. That's why I never use their names. I also avoid giving the death toll unless it's absolutely necessary. Remember what you were told about the Columbine mass shooting? Bullied kids, the Trench Coat Mafia, athletes, singling our Christians... ALL OF IT WAS LIES. The two mass murderers were NOT bullied, and there was no such thing as a Trench Coat Mafia. They didn't single out athletes of Christians. These two wanted to be famous. Period. I've studied the Instagram account of the latest mass murderer. He did what he did so that he would be famous. Period. The ONE characteristic that unifies ALL mass shooters? HORRIBLE parents. I'M NOT BLAMING THE PARENTS; I'm saying that horrible or absent parents create an environment in which the pathological lust for fame turns to mass murder. Disconnected parents create disconnected kids. Mass shooters are disconnected from humanity. They see others as props, not real people. The Columbine mass murderers built pipe bombs and propane bombs in their garages. They were able to do that because their parents were utterly disconnected. Let me tell you about Steve and Michael, the neighbors across the street. First the father abandoned the family when Steve was 12 and Michael was 9. I have no idea what happened to the father. Hopefully he's dead. My brother Tim and I took care of Steve and Michael as much as we could. Steven once drove to Arizona. His car broke down. He called his mother, and she called Tim and me. So Tim drove to Arizona to rescue Steve, who was hiding in a cardboard box behind a truck stop. Steve eventually moved to Seattle, changed his name to that of a vampire, contracted AIDS, and died. Michael's mother moved out to remarry, leaving Michael at age 18 alone in his house. No job, no income, nothing. One night we heard Michael screaming. All the doors were locked, so we called 911. First the cops came and broke down a door. They immediately came out and called the fire department. They wouldn't let us in the house. The paramedics came. They said Michael was an undiagnosed diabetic, and he was having a horrendous reaction to his sugar-insulin balance. They took him to the hospital, then one of them beckoned us to look inside the house. The house was filled to the ceiling with garbage. Every room. Michael had spent years crawling over the garbage like a spelunker in a cave. We called Michael's mother. ""What do you want me to do about it?"" she asked. ""Save him,"" we said. ""Well, I have a new life now, with new children, so there's nothing I can do. But tell Michael I'm thinking of him."" Then she hung up. Michael ended up in an abandoned trailer on a farm in Las Vegas. GUESS WHO SAVED HIM? A Muslim imam. We got a call from the imam, asking us if we knew where Michael was. As you can imagine, we were perplexed. Who was this man? Well, one of his congregants told him of a young man living in an abandoned trailer on a farm, so the imam went out and found Michael, who weighed 80 pounds. Michael had moaned our names and our city to the imam, who tracked us down. He'd taken Michael in, but he wanted to know his story. After the imam's family nursed Michael back to health, the imam found a Baptist ministry, since Michael is a devout Baptist. Today, Michael lives in Las Vegas, where he works for the ministry, and they care for him. The problem in the US is neither guns nor society. It's PARENTING. People crave fame because they had disconnected or absent parents. The media plays a part: How many times did Baba Wawa proclaim Charles Manson of her most ""interesting"" interview subjects? Manson had HORRENDOUS parents. Read about them sometime. ""We make our own monsters and build our own beasts."" --Andrew Vachss Parents are the bulwark of civilization. Without good parents, we can become animals..."
" I think it's time I force the Bad Faithers to completely redo their shtick. Here's how to tell the ones who are part of a feeble, bottom-of-the-barrel attempt to sway public opinion. One, they all use dogs in their avatars. Two, they all lead with the ""fact"" that they're a mother or father. Three, they all mention sports teams. Four, they profess to be Christians. Those four together are the way that they recognize each other. THEY CAN'T OPERATE ALONE. It's amazing. One of my family members joined a communist cult in the 1980s. He went on the Phil Donahue Show. When he visited us, he had to check in by phone every fifteen minutes to make sure that we hadn't un-brainwashed him. The cult was very stupid. It viewed Republicans as Bible-thumping, gun-toting racists. Nobody in the cult was prepared for a Mexican Republican woman with an IQ of 180. The cult was used to drama. Relatives of cultists would argue and cry and make threats. Did you know that ""deprogramming"" never works? People kidnapped the cultists and deprogrammed them. You can't do that. What Mom did was keep the lines of communication open. Cultists being cultists, my relative bombarded Mom with literature and bromides. Mom's secret weapon was her sweetness. It hid a will of steel and a brain unrivaled in human history. Over a period of years, Mom lured our relative back. Sweetly, gently, and without judging or arguing. Today, our relative looks back on that period and says, ""I WAS OUT MY MIND! How did you stand me?"" It was GODDAM HARD. Believe me. But. We all knew that we were smarter than the cult. We were better fighters. Each of us did our own thing. We never coordinated. AND we never told each other what to do. Some of us were FAR more upset than others about the cult. My father ALWAYS antagonized the cultist and caused him to withdraw. But that was just my father. Period. We knew that we couldn't get our father to see things our way, so we didn't tell him what to say or how to behave. We saved the cultist. All of my relatives' cultist friends came to bad ends. Individualism was the key. We saw an individual, and we treated the person as such. These pathetic social-media Bad Faithers are headed over the cliff. In midair, they'll still be smugly winking at each other. Then they'll splatter into goo on the boulders far, far below. This is preordained. Just watch..."
" Let me show you the level of training that the Iranians and Hezbollah have. This is the BMP armored personnel carrier. The turret has an automatic cannon and a machine gun. VERY heavy firepower. When the BMP delivers infantry, the vehicle FACES the enemy and provides covering fire. The infantry exits from two doors in the rear. Note: The enemy is IN FRONT of the vehicle. The vehicle advances while firing, providing mobile cover for the infantry. Again, the enemy is IN FRONT--to the left in the photo. In Syria, ""rebels"" put out videos that show advanced weaponry and incredible training. These fighters are actually commandos of the Gulf Cooperation Council. What follows are screen grabs from a video that YouTube deleted a long time ago. My guess is that the commandos broke into the communications systems and gave the BMP drivers bogus orders. Remember: These are Iranians and Hezbollah. The BMP arrived at the battle and turned around. Therefore the infantry dismounted INTO A STORM OF FIRE. The commandos are on the right, off camera. You can see the strikes of cannon rounds. Three BMPs arrived, turned around, and delivered fighters who were instantly killed. You can see the circular marks on the ground where the vehicles turned around. Then the fleeing vehicle ran over the wounded (red arrow). Every man is dead or wounded. The fourth BMP was destroyed. It too unloaded its men into heavy enemy fire. They were instantly killed. That vehicle was blasted apart. All the welded seams failed. The attack was a catastrophe for the Iranians and Hezbollah. In the now-deleted video, you saw four BMPs arrive and deliver their men into instant death. Altogether, four BMPs and three tanks were destroyed. Only one commando was seen. He fired a shoulder-mounted missile into the ground so that it bounced up and hit the underside of a BMP, destroying it. It's funny: ""Experts"" told me that I was crazy. Nobody deliberately fires projectiles to bounce up from the ground and hit the underside of armored vehicles. Turn up the volume. There are no experts. Only loudmouthed clowns..."
" Let's talk about and his mastery of a Japanese form of communication. I've never had any contact with Trump. But I can tell you how he operates. First, a German word: Backpfeifengesicht. ""A face badly in need of a fist in it."" The concept that Donald Trump has mastered is ""haragei,"" the literal translation which is ""stomach art."" It is the ability to convey one's true thoughts without having to speak them. People ask ""Did Trump ever ______________?"" They ask in reference to Michael Flynn, Robert Mueller, James Comey, and so on. The answer is, ""NO."" Because Trump is a master of haragei. If YOU are not a narcissist trying desperately to further your own agenda, you can PERCEIVE Trump's haragei. Just watch him speak. Watch his expressions and body language. Those of us who HAVE FAITH IN HIM know exactly what he thinks. Here's where we get REALLY esoteric. Trump is putting on a performance that is both contrived AND real. You have to be a genius to pull it off. Do you know why we celebrate birthdays? The day you become a person and get your name is the day you become vulnerable. Evil spirits can attack you when they know your name. All cultures celebrate birthdays as an effort to protect the newest member of the family. Presents and food are meant to distract the evil spirits from this new, vulnerable human. Thus birthday celebrations are unambiguously altruistic. Trump understands the power that we would have over him if we had full-time access to the real man. So even though he is utterly GENUINE, there's also a part of him that is held back. It's necessary. How many times have we been betrayed by those who know us best? So Trump can project his intentions and thoughts and desires without having to discuss them. It's a skill. There's no way that Trump said the vast majority of the things he's accused of saying. It's not how he operates. Trump therefore has not given instructions to anybody. He didn't sit in a room with someone and say, ""Now here's what I want you to do."" A fatal mistake that leaders make is hiring someone for a specific trait and THEN QUASHING THAT TRAIT. We see it in movies and TV shows all the time. One of the worst films ever made is this. Just now is the first time I've seen the trailer. I wasn't able to finish it. They hired Belushi for his skill in doing ONE THING, and then they deliberately refused to let him do it. The film is a nightmare of HORRIBLE choices. Trump avoids all of this through delegating and his mastery of haragei. When you meet Trump, he listens carefully. And then he decides whether or not to hire you. Everyone who works for Trump knows EXACTLY what he wants, and he NEVER PUT IT INTO WORDS. Trump releases the inner genius in his employees and allies. It was fun seeing THIS happen, since I despise Sasha Baron Cohen. Trump gave him exactly 80 seconds. Imagine all the ways people have tried to get at or with Donald Trump. For famous people, it's REALLY DEPRESSING. So what Trump looks for is people who are NOT star struck but ALSO don't have that smarmy buddy-buddy thing going. He just wants REAL people who understood his many strategic deceptions. And he finds them with the Japanese art of haragei. I have absolutely no doubt whatsoever..."
" I've been asked to write about PTSD tremors. They are ""psychogenic,"" meaning psychological rather than physical. There's been almost no study on PTSD tremors. What they HAVE discovered is that the tremors are part of the startle reflex. I get PTSD tremors when I'm startled by loud noises. The tremors go away with distraction. When you concentrate on the tremors and try to suppress them, they get worse. So the best advice is to go about your business and simply endure them. PTSD is the subject of incredible quack ""cures."" For example, there's an idea that by shaking, you ""empty"" yourself of what's causing the PTSD. That's not how the disorder works. When you have PTSD, you're not full of something that needs to be emptied out. PTSD is a psychological reaction to trauma. You have to find a way to address the disorder itself. I used talk therapy first, but it was unusual in that I wanted a no-holds-barred approach. The therapist--at my request--didn't sugarcoat or minimize anything. I knew that talking about my issues would kill me, so I asked the therapist to skip the easing-into part and get right to the meat of the matter. Most people are in denial and don't want improvement. Therapists have to handle them with kid gloves. The reason I WENT to a therapist in the first place was because I'm f*cked up. Duh. So there was no need to ease me into anything. The therapy was brutal, and it worked. I learned a lot. After 18 months, we called it quits. The therapist had done all he could. I didn't start taking psychotropic medication until my CARDIOLOGIST recommended it. One day my resting pulse rate went up to 220 beats per minute. I could feel my pule in my ANKLES. So I had every single medical test there is, and then my cardiologist put my on anti-anxiety medication. Eventually I went to a psychiatrist, and he told me I had the worst PTSD he'd seen in his entire career. He was amazed that I'd made it to my late forties without committing suicide or murdering anyone. It took over a year to get the right medications. Now I take nine. People tend to personalize everything. If someone says, ""I take nine psychotropic medications,"" they immediately say, ""You shouldn't."" Why do they say that? Because they know that they themselves should be on medication, but they're in denial. I didn't take medication because I had no idea that the things I thought were normal were completely ABNORMAL. All my life I've had unbelievable nightmares. I remember all my dreams. This is the book. Well, in the past year, I've begun to have ""lucid dreams."" That means I know I'm dreaming. So I control what happens. IT'S REALLY FUN. When I realize I'm dreaming, I fly or go down to the bottom of the ocean and make the water clear, or I met people I want to meet. Here's the interesting part. When I have a lucid dream and I think, ""I want to have a conversation with _____________,"" I don't know if I'm making up the conversation...or if I'm meeting the person for real, in his or her dream. One of the benefits of being a hermit with an entirely interior life is that you hone your brainpower. So now I can have lucid dreams that are like vacations. I create entire cities and people them with anyone I want. In the case of Alfie Evans, the ""experts"" said the brain doesn't regenerate. This was carefully worded dishonesty. The brain doesn't regenerate, but it can rearrange itself so that a person regains function. My frontal lobes today are LARGER than they were before I started taking psychotropic medication. The stress and misery was causing my brain to shrink. Stress alters your brain chemistry and creates destructive hormones. Alleviating the stress allowed my brain to heal and then rearrange itself. Now I have lucid dreams. I can't control WHEN I have lucid dreams. Yet. Alleviating the stress also allowed me to see things more clearly. That's why I can look at a video and see what's happening. I can also figure out things. Trump's people had secret talks with North Korean diplomats for almost a year. The diplomats said that the country was held hostage by the ruling class--the leaders of Korean Peoples' Army. So Trump and Kim Jong-un created the mother of all rabbits. It was the KPA doing all the missile and nuclear tests. Kim and Trump did that whole ""Rocket Man"" thing to fool the KPA ruling class. The KPA ruling class thought that Kim was standing up to Trump, when in fact it was theater. DEADLY theater. For the KPA ruling class. SOMEBODY took out the right number of people, and now Kim is free. In reality, Kim would never forgive Trump for calling him short and fat, etc. UNLESS they'd agreed on it. Trump and Kim are already talking face to face. And I predict that Trump will invite Kim to the White House. So when I get my PTSD tremors, I ride them out. I want to see what does NEXT. My PTSD tremors don't matter to me... ADDENDUM: Go back to number 8 and substitute ""WOULDN'T kill me"" for ""WOULD kill me."" People should ignore all my gibberish. Half the time I have no idea what I'm saying..."
" This is funny. is saying that Mueller isn't a dirty cop but just a guy doing his job. The person DENIGRATING has spun the most childish conspiracy theories I've ever heard. ALSO, that guy filled his diapers over and over about H. R. McMaster. All the REALLY effed-up Twitter gurus have stopped talking about McMaster, but I HAVEN'T FORGOTTEN what they said. McMaster was ""taking over"" and ""derailing the Trump agenda."" Look at that cartoon. The person who drew that cartoon is AN ASSHOLE, a cretin who should never EVER be taken seriously. How about THIS? McMaster the Muslim is a puppet of the JEWS! Here's the little secret that figured out RIGHT AWAY: Trump is leading the Twitter gurus by the nose. What Flynn, Trump, and McMaster did was create a FAKE melodrama to make DERANGED TWITTER GURUS run in the wrong direction. What's my proof? Check out Wikipedia. The actual NAMES have been removed. Did you know THIS? ""Perhaps the most powerful member of Flynn’s team of nutters is his son and chief of staff, Michael Flynn Jr."" Wait: ""Donald Trump's transition team on Tuesday severed ties with the son of the president-elect’s pick for national security adviser..."" ""Amidst scrutiny of retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn’s habitual promotion of conspiracy theories."" YOU ALL GOT PLAYED. I didn't get played, and didn't get played. The guy denigrating is peddling the stupidest bullshit I've ever heard. Guess what happened while he was doing it? REAL spooks created so much confusion that Trump and his allies were able to work in peace. McMaster was able to work in peace. YOU DUMB-ASS TWITTER GURUS WERE PLAYED. You're being played as we speak. Trump is playing FAR MORE than 4-D chess. There isn't a word for what Trump is doing. Something like ten Defense Intelligence Agency spooks played all of you guys by pretending to be fired. There isn't a single photo of Ezra Cohen-Watnick online. HE'S A SPOOK. These people are the real deal. They're not Twitter gurus. It's all too funny. waited, watched, and learned. Anyone who denigrates him is an IDIOT. Stealth Jeff has an amazing brain. And like me, he doesn't pretend to have a Deep Throat. ""Listen up, people! We're through the looking glass here!"" ""HOT-CHA-CHA-CHA-CHA!"" In closing, the REALITY of the Trump administration is FAR MORE INCREDIBLE than the Twitter gurus tell you. Did you know that on islands in the Pacific, the parrots yell, ""Attention! Right away, sir! Enemy aircraft!"" in Japanese? That's what the Twitter gurus are like. Parrots yelling stuff from 1943. In Japanese. "
" He's factually incorrect on every point. Tungsten rods would vaporize on impact? I think he means ""on reentry."" Wrong on both points. In terms of tracking satellites, the ones that don't want to be seen AREN'T seen. Check THIS out: This isn't real. The Saudis were testing a way to inject fake imagery into satellites. No aircraft, and no paved roads for all the trucks that would sunk into the sand up to their axles. Sometime in late July of 2015, the Saudis carried out the largest amphibious landing in the history of the Middle East. Thousands of armored vehicles were landed in Aden, Yemen. They even built a temporary port. No satellite imagery. The landings were cloaked. That form of cloaking works both ways. You can bet that there are satellites that none of us can see. Finally, it's not illegal to ""weaponize space."" He's giving us a garbled interpretation of the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, called the Outer Space Treaty. It prohibits putting weapons of mass destruction in orbit around the earth. Rods From God are precision weapons, not WMD. This is almost certainly Rods From God. And this is either the High Velocity Penetrating Weapon (HVPW) or Rods From God. The debris towers traveled faster than the fireball. This is what happens when a missile depot is hit. The fireball rises faster than debris. These debris towers are a result of kinetic energy. Something traveling extremely fast hit the ground. This is a kinetic weapon used in Iraq. The weapon broke apart the truck bomb before it could explode. The Iraqis fired a 9M133 Kornet antitank guided missile, which missed. By using the flight time of the Kornet and the video frame rate, I calculate the speed of the kinetic weapon at Mach 18, or 14,000 miles per hour. That's faster than detonation cord explodes. So kinetic weapons are perfect for truck bombs. Josef Rom of Haifa University created explosive gases for launching payloads into space with giant cannons. These gases can be used as either fuel-air explosives or propellants. They were only theoretical until SOMEBODY funded their development. That SOMEBODY was the Gulf Cooperation Council..."
" Assad and Putin wage war only one way: inflict as many civilians casualties as possible, until the enemy surrenders. The Russians were therefore hit, and Assad was hit BIG TIME. Right now, it's not possible to tell what's real and what isn't. Everybody's putting out edited footage from years ago. This is a Russian Sukhoi Su-25 Frogfoot. But they never show an unedited shot of the munitions leaving the aircraft and striking the target. Remember the siege of Aleppo? I figured out early on what was happening, but I didn't say anything until the siege was over, and the people themselves revealed what they did. They all went underground. Aleppo has enormous abandoned bomb shelters and ancient catacombs. SOMEBODY went into the city and organized the underground shelters. Assad and the Russians were bombing and using artillery, in an effort to force the city to surrender. They had also cut off food. I knew that the GCC would not sacrifice Aleppo, so I figured out that they'd gone underground. The siege was allowed to continue, because it demolished Assad's reputation in the Middle East. But the people were safe. Think about the skill required to infiltrate a city en masse, move the population underground, and break in supplies--all clandestinely. When the siege was lifted, we saw no starved people. The food stalls opened up immediately. What was Assad going to do? Bitch to the UN that his WAR CRIMES had been thwarted? Since the summer of 2015, the GCC has rehearsed multiple enormous infiltration operations. I know for a FACT that four were held in the American Southwest. Four independent eyewitnesses confirmed them to me. The most important weapon a country has? Transport aircraft. So that photo? NO RUNWAY. You can land in the desert. And here's how they fly. What we're seeing in Syria is MASSIVE deception and distraction. Putin is out of his league, but he's stubborn. So every now and then, he gets a message in Putinese. He'll come around..."
" This video is NOT what it appears to be. First, we see Syrian Arab Army troops putting a heavy mortar in place. That's a war crime. Customary International Humanitarian Law (IHL) prohibits putting weapons in among civilians. We see a jabbering Islamist with an American BGM-71 TOW antitank guided missile (ATGM). That guy is somewhere else. He's not the one who fired the missile. This LOOKS like a TOW missile (upper right), but it isn't. We see the pink xenon-gas beacon that allows the gunner to manually guide the missile. The gunner guides the missile BETWEEN THE SOLDIERS and it blows up on the far side of the mortar. That's a fuel-air explosive. The blast effect goes STRAIGHT UP. They're all still standing, even though a MISSILE JUST EXPLODED in their midst. Secondary explosion. Looks like the mortar rounds cooked off. How could anyone survive THAT, right? SURPRISE! The blast effect is AGAIN directed straight up, and they all survive AGAIN. Look at this guy. Two massive explosions right in his face. Still on his feet. His hands are still in his pockets. Three men down. But they're all still alive. Do you think those guys committed any more war crimes? They had second thoughts, at least. Keep in mind that the GCC and their allies killed about 11,000 Houthis in the past ten days. Remember this? ""Set phasers to stun."" From Stark Trek. Now it's real. The Syrians didn't need killing. The Houthis do. Another ballistic missile fired at Riyadh four days ago. The Houthis are religious maniacs who think that they have a God-given right to rule all Muslims, since the Houthis claim direct descent from Mohammed. The goal of the Houthis is to make Yemen the base from which they impose their rule over the entire planet. So the Houthis need massive, total defeat. All they understand is violence, so unimaginable violence is being inflicted on them. The Houthis are--as we speak--the object of the worst military violence in human history. But they deserve it, AND it has to be done, so that they'll knock it off. And they will. Soon..."
" I got this from . This is part of Nidal Hassan's Power Point presentation to army doctors in June of 2007. ""Fighting to establish an Islamic State to please God, even by force, is condoned in Islam."" The Saudi Arabian royal family is called the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques. Al-Masjid al-Haram (the Sacred Mosque) in Mecca and Al-Masjid an-Nabawi (the Prophet's Mosque) in Medina. The Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman (MbS) gave an interview to the Atlantic in which he said that fighting to establish an Islamic State is not the correct interpretation of Islam. MbS says that all people on earth KNOW about Islam, and therefore the MESSAGE has been delivered. The world is now free to CHOOSE whether or not to become Muslim. In the interview, MbS emphasized freedom of choice. Every man and woman must choose for him or herself. MbS went on to say that those who attempt to force Islam on others are part of a ""triangle of evil."" He said--in effect--that Muslims must protect non-Muslims from those who would try to create an Islamic State by force. The notion of conversion by force was actually covered years ago, when a CNN reporter was forced by al-Qaeda in Iraq to convert to Islam on camera. Islamic scholars agreed unanimously that this conversion was not valid. So what we have now is a First World nation leading a 40-nation Coalition that will SPECIFICALLY defend non-Muslims and Muslims from those who try to impose their will by force. All other discussions are meaningless. Mohammed bin Salman has the power to ACT on his statement that all people in the world have the right to choose for themselves what to believe. Nidal Hassan couldn't even pronounce certain Arabic words correctly. ""Jee-HAAAAAAAAD."" He's a wannabe. A loser who turned to Islamism in order to feel power. MbS has all the power a human could ever have. And he'll gradually give it up. Just watch. The notion of establishing a global Islamic State is part of the dead past. I'm concentrating on the present and the future. We're going to see amazing leaps forward, in just a very short time. It's a great era in which to live..."
" This is exactly what's happened in California, so I assume that it happened all over the country. California police were ordered to stop reporting crimes. Therefore the crime rate went down. Surprise! California refuses to build new prisons, but the state was ordered by the federal government to solve the problem of prison overcrowding. So California began releasing ""nonviolent felons."" The following were redefined as nonviolent crimes in California: Terroristic arson, killing a police officer while resisting arrest, elder abuse, rape of an adult, domestic violence, vehicular manslaughter, torturing and killing animals. People convicted of these crimes are eligible for release as nonviolent felons. Community activists resisted reclassifying these crimes as violent felonies. The reason given is that doing so would disproportionately impact people of color. The jails began emptying, and the cops did their job of not reporting the skyrocketing crime. In my small city, we've had decapitations, dismemberment, and multiple mass shootings. These are all Jerry's Kids coming home. The California Prison Guard Union is the most powerful in the country. It chooses our state's politicians. One of my cousins was a prison guard. He weighed almost 400 pounds. The prison guards had all physical standards abolished. They also work FOR the prisoners, serving as drug mules and phone smugglers. The LA County Sheriff's Department prison guards formed a gang, complete with tattoos and hand signs. They had multiple shootouts at parties with non-gang deputies. The former sheriff and undersheriff were convicted of trying to cover up systemic abuse of prisoners. The deputies had human cockfights, for example. It's almost impossible for a celebrity to get arrested in California. The singer Brandy killed a woman with her car. No charges filed. Lindsay Lohan carjacked two men, ran over somebody, and engaged in a high speed chase all across Los Angeles. ""I can do whatever I want,"" she said. And she was right! No punishment whatsoever. This is why I'm leaving California. The Silicon Valley oligarchs run the state, and they're all deranged leftists. So I'm out of here. I KNEW that I'd already know what happened in Florida. It already happened HERE. None of it is a surprise. But I think all of these WILL BE surprised. Why? This guy. YOU may not be keeping up with what he's doing, but I am. "
" AHA! Information nobody else gives you. ""Flynn didn't file as a foreign agent!"" He filed under the Lobbying Disclosure Act (LDA). A spook creates a non-official cover (NOC) persona. Every single aspect of Flynn's ""problems"" are in a gray area. That HAS to be deliberate. The only thing that is inarguable is that Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI. He spoke to Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak FIVE TIMES on December 29, 2016, the day that Obama hit Russia with sanctions. No way would Flynn have forgotten if sanctions had been discussed. And it turns out that Flynn could have refused to speak to the FBI. Instead, he spoke to them and made false statements. NOW the White House says that Obama authorized Flynn to reach out to the Russians. Flynn had a security clearance, and he personally knew Kislyak. I read THIS in a Russian article: In US intelligence, Kislyak is called ""the most dangerous diplomat in the world."" He's said to be quite a spymaster himself. Therefore Kislyak would be under constant telephonic surveillance. Which Flynn would know. We live in an era in which REAL spooks can operate more freely, because the press and public are shallower and more childish. Leftists are screaming ""THE NEW WATERGATE!"" Why are they saying that? Because they have literally no idea what a REAL spook does. Trump is a one-shot deal. ""The lamps are going out all over Europe. We shall not see them lit again in our lifetime."" --British Foreign Secretary Sir Edward Grey August 3, 1914 the day before Britain entered World War I Churchill had a heck of a quote too: ""If we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new Dark Age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science."" Flynn FULLY understands perverted science. Everyone working for Trump understands perverted science. They're all warriors and historians. On the radio today, I heard a guy discussing the Kate Steinle verdict. He played the defense attorneys admitting that the trial was an eff you to Trump. The attorneys even used his name. This guy on the radio said, ""The jurors and the defense attorneys and judge are all evil people. This was a political statement. They withheld justice because politics is more important."" HE said that since leftists are no longer obeying laws, than those who oppose them should fight by any means necessary, including illegal means. I disagree. It's not because I'm so moral; it's because THAT IS WHAT LEFTISTS EXPECT. They fight illegally, so they're ready for YOUR illegality. You know what they're NOT ready for? Spooks. NOC personae. Strategic deception and distraction. They're not ready for people to harvest their DNA by tricking them into charging like wild animals. This isn't an ORDINARY ERA. William Butler Yeats's Poem ""The Second Coming"" is now obsolete. The best lack all conviction, while the worst Are full of passionate intensity. It's the other way around now. The BEST are full of passionate intensity. You'd better believe it. And the worst DO lack all conviction. They're only pretending to believe in things. How many times have you seen someone disappear when I simply ask a question? They're shades. These are days of miracle and wonder because NOTHING IS AS IT SEEMS. I think it's great. All will be well. Really. "
" A better question is, ""Why are you writing about me?"" Who am I? Nobody. Just a guy on Twitter. I was once a music journalist. This is my life up until 2012. I expected THAT book to finally put me on the literary map, but right before it was published, both my parents were diagnosed with terminal cancer. AND the book publicist husband-wife team I hired were con artists. So my parents died and my writing career died. BUT GUESS WHAT? After all of THAT, I achieved clarity. A couple other things happened to put the finishing touches on it. So who am I? Nobody at all. A tweeting hermit. I'm a professional investor now, so I have the free time to investigate the world. There are things happening that you can't even COMPREHEND, Karen. This screen grab shows all of it. Here's the difference between you and me: You're a creature of blind negativity, while I see that humans have taken a giant leap forward. Every single morning, I wake up and race to my computer to see what else has happened. Hey! Let's test you, Karen! I mean, you're a big, important journalist, right? Why is this story a lie on every single level? Qassem Suleimani sent a convoy of pro-Assad fighters to Afrin, but the Turks fired warning shots and made the trucks turn around. Why is that entire sentence false? If you can tell me why, I'll eat my bass guitar. I'll videotape myself doing it. A whole bunch of your schmucky fan-boys are upset with me. Ask them to identify THIS. It's a mock-up I did. They're using it in Yemen and Syria. Now go have some more chocolate pie and vodka. Oo! Put them in a BLENDER together! Make sure to videotape yourself drinking it and staggering around, roaring, ""MY FACE FEELS FUNNY! WHERE DID EVERYBODY GO...?"""
" Typical stenography by our worthless press. ""'It's more likely that none of the missiles have been intercepted than it is that the Saudis have shot down any,' said Jeffrey Lewis, a missile expert at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies in Monterey, California."" Lewis has a bug up his exhaust pipe about antimissile systems. His unchanging position is that nothing can stop missiles. He's lying. Lewis's standard is that the missile must be blown into confetti that gently drifts down, or else it's not a successful interception. These ballistic missiles are gigantic. The Houthis are firing the Iranian Qiam 1. An antimissile system has two options: Explode the warhead in midair, or cause the missile to veer off course. Here are the videos. Several of the missiles swerved and went right into the ground. Their guidance systems went haywire. Another. Our California ""missile expert"" thinks those are the antimissile missiles. NO. Those are the Qiam 1 missiles that were hit with some form of electronic warfare (EW) defense that scrambled the brains of the missile. You can see with your own eyes that the thing was climbing, and then it nosedived. The Houthis program these things to hit the airport and the king's residence. They don't fall out of the sky UNLESS MADE TO. Again, YOU'RE not experts. But YOU know: THIS IS AN INTERCEPTION. Look at all the bright chunks of debris. ANOTHER interception. That antimissile missile hit the Qiam 1 somewhere BESIDES the warhead. And ANOTHER interception. These interceptors don't explode unless they...INTERCEPT. Jeffrey Lewis says the Iron Dome doesn't work either. WHY does he lie? His Twitter user name is Arms Control Wonk, and he's the director of the East Asia Nonproliferation Program for the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, California. EVERY SINGLE arms-control and nonproliferation maniac takes the position that WE and our ALLIES must never EVER develop defenses against enemy weapon systems. THAT is their definition of arms control and nonproliferation. WE become sitting ducks, which makes us morally superior. How would this son of a bitch feel if the Houthis were firing Qiam 1 ballistic missiles at HIS HOUSE? Do you suppose he'd scream for help, or would he serenely explain that by dying, he was doing his part for arms control...? ADDENDUM: Jeffrey Lewis is exactly like Amos A. Fries, head of the American Chemical Warfare Service in World War I. Fries was pathological opposed to flamethrowers, so after the war, he LIED about them. He even claimed that the Germans had never attacked American troops with flamethrowers. Even today, Americans have heard of the ""Lost Battalion."" The fighting was so traumatic that Medal of Honor winner Major Charles White ""Galloping Charlie"" Whittlesey never recovered. He jumped off an ocean liner in 1921. On August 28, 1918, at Fismette, 257 Americans surrendered to 13 flamethrower squads after a horrific battle. The two other American infantry companies at Fismette lost 165 of 206 men. The flamethrower squads had 26 flamethrowers, 13 light machine guns, and 416 hand grenades. That was all it took. I hate LIARS. People don't want certain things to be true, so they lie. WHATEVER I write, I'll never LIE on Twitter. I'll be wrong, but I won't lie..."
" In case anyone is still wondering: Why am I defending Roy Moore? The answer is very simple. I think he's the victim of one of the worst political hit jobs of all time. And it's not right. We have all the information we need in order to make a choice whether to believe the accusations or not. I choose to not believe them. Prior to the accusations being made, I knew nothing about Roy Moore other than the Ten Commandments issue. When the first accusations were made, they reminded me of the accusations made against Trump. So I researched Roy Moore. In forty years of being the nemesis of all corrupt and powerful forces in Gadsden and Etowah County, nobody EVER made these claims. Moore became globally famous in 2003. He published his memoirs. I read several scathing reviews that were of the ""Who does this guy think he is?!"" variety. Two old articles--that were NOT complimentary--gave me information on Moore that I hadn't heard. In 2003, the press didn't show us images like this. What emerged--FOR ME--was a man with iron discipline, iron self-control, and the need for long periods of SOLITUDE. We're all familiar with the televangelist who gets caught violating his stated principles. Those guys don't retreat to the AUSTRALIAN OUTBACK. Moore didn't marry until he was 41 years old. Now, a person with a fixed orientation to teenagers is called a hebephile or ephebephile. THEY DON'T CHANGE. The accuser from yesterday states that Moore ""didn't pinch"" her butt; he ""grabbed it."" She was 28 years old and a mother of three. There's no chance in the world that a hebephile (interested in ages 11-14) or an ephebophile (15-19) would go after after a 28-year-old mother of three. Ask any psychiatrist. The accuser was strangely emphatic. Surprise! The accusations against Roy Moore is that he's a compulsive hebephile AND ephebephile. Those men CAN'T STOP. And they DON'T GO AFTER MOTHERS WITH CHILDREN. NONE OF THIS stands up to scrutiny. And none of it ever came up in a forty-year career of making VERY powerful people angry. The MAIN reason I decided that the accusations against Roy Moore are false is that he's a man who retreats into solitude in order to regroup. I myself became an UNINTENDED SOLITARIAN. My mother said I was the friendliest, happiest child she'd ever encountered. I don't remember EVER feeling that way. But I believe that I can read Roy Moore. AND I know about compulsive behavior, pathology, sexual assault, and orientation. Again: Ask a psychiatrist. Can a compulsive hebephile or ephebephile spend long periods alone, and can he simply stop? All the accusations range from 1977 to 1991. The accusation from 1991 was made by a woman with multiple convictions for fraud. AND that woman was a 28-year-old mother of three. Would a compulsive hebephile or ephebephile even want to TOUCH a mother who was pushing thirty? I know that people are disappointed in me. Well, I don't care. Roy Moore is being railroaded, so I'm going to defend him. I'm still the same person. I still disagree with much if not most of the judge's political positions. But he'll make a fine senator. ""All of us, if we are of reflective habit, like and admire men whose fundamental beliefs differ radically from our own."" -- H. L. Mencken "
" Largest Israeli attack on Syria since 1973. These are antiaircraft cannon rounds, timed to explode at a certain height. It's for show. They didn't shoot down anything. We go back to the ""Wild Weasel,"" the aircraft that is tasked with suppression of enemy air defenses (SEAD). Air defenses use radar. The radar ""paints"" an aircraft. When radar hits a Wild Weasel, an alarm goes off, and the pilot fires a high-speed anti radiation missile (HARM). The HARM is a guided missile in reverse. It follows the radar beam to its source, and BOOM! To paint an Israeli aircraft with radar is suicide. The Syrians recently shot down their first Israeli F-16. They fired 20 surface-to-air missiles (SAMs). Nobody has ever fired that many SAMs at a single aircraft. So the Israeli aircraft went down. BUT GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? Israeli Wild Weasels identified every single launch platform and destroyed it. They Israelis said they took out 50 percent of Assad's air defenses. So these claims of shooting down Israel missiles are fake. The Syrians wait until the strikes are over, and then they fire into empty skies. They film it and put it on TV, and they say, ""See? We shot down the evil Zionist missiles."" But something else is happening. The Gulf Cooperation Council is carrying out gunship raids AND almost certainly commando raids. I can say this now. In 2015, an employee of Bombardier contacted me and asked if I knew why the UAE was having work done in the UK on six Boeing C-17 Globemaster transports. My best guess is that they were being converted into strategic bombers and gunships. The problem with the US Air Force is that glamor is an issue. Air force ""brass"" or high command want sexy fighter planes. The air force has tried for years to kill the Republic Fairchild A-10 Thunderbolt II ""Warthog."" The air force considered the A-10 ""too slow and vulnerable"" to be used in Syria. But then a squadron was sent to Incirlik, and we were told that the aircraft were used in Syria. I have my doubts. Every A-10 filmed in Syria appears to be dark green. I thought that we may have sold A-10s to the Gulf Cooperation Council, but the air force denied. My brother is an aviation fanatic. He thinks the GCC reverse engineered the A-10 to build their own. When money isn't a factor, it would be very easy. The United Arab Emirates has the Advanced Military Maintenance Repair Overhaul Center (AMMROC). They can convert anything, and they can reverse engineer anything. The guy from Bombardier who contacted me said that the entire aviation industry was flummoxed. WHAT was the UAE doing with it's C-17 Globemasters? All this work was going into transports. Why? They were building the most destructive aircraft ever created. The GCC answer to everything is ""Fill it with lead."" That's not the FIRST answer, but it's the ULTIMATE answer. They don't care about the cost of ammunition. My nephew was in the US Army under Obama. They weren't given enough ammunition for target practice, so their skills as riflemen and women eroded. I love this video, and I love this soldier. She's not DUMB; she's got giant ovaries. Nobody STARTS OUT an expert, for God's sake. People need to train. Our military eroded dramatically under Obama. Standards were dropped, and equipment was not replaced. The ""readiness crisis."" Under Obama, the air force had to get spare parts from MUSEUM DISPLAYS. I want someone to defend that. Come on, Obama supporters: Tell me again that Obama was a great president. Israel and the GCC will always be our ALLIES. But like Trump, they had to take things into their own hands while WE ran around and bonked out heads against walls for eight years. Obama actually made a huge mistake: By weakening us, he made other countries LESS DEPENDENT on us. His plan was for us to slide indefinitely. Trump reversed that. How? ""Nationalist internationalism."" Obama achieved NOTHING with North Korea. Trump is well on the way to transforming the country. Obama hates America, so he has no faith in us. Trump loves America. By recognizing that ALL countries have the right to put themselves first, Trump gained the trust of the leaders who matter. By GIVING UP influence, became the most influential president in history. All of Obama's dreams are now ash. As they should be..."
" points this out. We can all speak frankly. It's too early for MOST of the Middle East to accept the changes. So Iran is trying to force Israel to attack Syria in force, thus rallying the region. It happened in 2006. All of Lebanon turned on a dime and supported Hezbollah. Arabs have a saying: ""I against my brother, my brother and I against our cousin, my brother and cousin and I against the world."" Lebanon was the most westernized of Arab nations. Didn't matter. They slaughtered each other for 15 years, based SOLELY on sectarianism. When Israel attacked Hezbollah in 2006, Hezbollah's Lebanese enemies instantly switched sides and supported Hezbollah. It's like people pounding their own heads with hammers and saying, ""Ha-ha! That fixed YOU, didn't it?"" So there is not a CHANCE that Israel will attack Syria in force. GUESS WHAT THE SAUDIS DID IN ANTICIPATION OF THIS? THIS. And this. And this. Repeat with 40+ countries. None of them went to Yemen. They went to Syria and Iraq. Is THIS guy in Iraq an Arab? He's a Malaysian. Jaysh al-Thuwar in Syria. Syrian Arabs. They have no outside support, yet they've won every single battle they've fought since October of 2015. How many black Syrians are there? Jaysh al-Thuwar. Look at the guy hiding from the camera. He's Asian. Indonesian. Grey-haired ""soldier"" in Iraq. Every time he spoke, they censored his voice. Not an Arab, and he ran like the wind, despite his age. Iraqi Major-General Najim al-Jibouri, greeting a soldier. Iraqi colonel (with radio) given the adab by two soldiers. They ran across the street under fire, carrying their rifles in their right hands, so they used their left hands. The Saudis spent YEARS preparing for this moment. They trained 350,000 men as strategic commandos. That is mind boggling. A force like that could topple the mullahs in one day. But that's not the goal. These men will annihilate the Iranians and Hezbollah and Shi'te Foreign Legion who try to draw Israel in a major conflict. THAT is what they were trained to do. And THAT is why Israel cleared minefields from the Golan Heights. Thousands--maybe TENS of thousands--of strategic commandos went into Syria through Israel. They've also gone into Lebanon. Are Assad and Nasrallah going to ANNOUNCE this? No. ""Hoist on your own petard"" means ""blown up by your own bomb."" The mullahs have been hoist on their own petard. They can't admit to anything that's happening. So sit back and watch. It's going to be amazing... ADDENDUM: By the way, WE'RE doing the same thing as the Gulf Cooperation Council. The man on the right is not American. We're told that THIS guy is an American Green Beret. Please. We know where he's from. The old way of fighting wars is obsolete. Soon war itself will be obsolete... ADDENDUM TWO: Always download videos from YouTube, because eventually all good accounts are deleted. My favorite adviser in Iraq. He smiles until he notices the camera. The filming stopped. Later we saw the adviser alone with the Iraqi commander... ADDENDUM THREE: The Malayian Army Aviation (PUTD) refused to comment on why it painted its AugustaWeyland AW 109 light attack helicopters in a desert camouflage scheme. Standard scheme above, desert scheme below... "
" Trump called Mrs. Johnson at 4:45 pm Eastern Standard Time. The rodeo clown spoke to the press soon after. Facebook time stamps can be off by several hours, depending on the device used to make the post."
"The left scream at the sky, wear safety pins and pussy hats for protection and demand safe spaces on a college campus and Trump is crazy? Up is down."
" I WAS RIGHT. This is called ""burying the lede"": I think it was done deliberately. The story: The REAL story: ""The Hezbollah terrorist group seeks to stop being an 'Iranian puppet,' according to IDF assessments."" Iran provides Hezbollah its weapons and funding. Why the hell would try to stop being an Iranian puppet? Because THESE guys are in Lebanon, hunting Hezbollah. WHO WOULD STOP THEM? That's why the Israelis cleared the minefields from the Golan Heights. The GCC is already in Lebanon, removing the right people from the planet. Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri says that Hezbollah must be part of the political landscape of Lebanon, BUT it must disband its militia. THAT process has begun. Everybody has been told, ""If you stand too close to the mullahs, you'll be killed in the explosions."" So Hezbollah has decided that it's better to be alive and unarmed than dead and armed. The GCC has disguised itself as the Lebanese army. That's why we gave Lebanon all the same equipment that the Saudis have. There's a great Korean horror movie called ""R-Point."" Lots of people don't know that the South Koreans fought in the Vietnam War on our side. A Korean platoon goes missing, so a lieutenant and a squad of eight go looking for them. They end up in an abandoned temple in a haunted area. One night one of the men is sent out to relieve a sentry. As they talk, the replacement suddenly realizes that the sentry is a total stranger. The terrified replacement runs back to the rest of the men. They look at the photo one of them took after they landed. The photo shows nine men. But a tenth man TOOK the photo. They count the beds: ten. A stranger has been among them the whole time...and they never knew. THIS is what's happening in Lebanon as we speak. Every time I think I have this figured out, it turns out that the plan was even smarter. ISRAEL will get the credit for driving Iran from Arab lands. This will make Arabs more positively disposed toward Israel. Hezbollah will see the light the way Kim Jong-un did. They'll say that their weapons are no longer needed. This is FAR MORE amazing than any fictional movie. Everybody is using Iran and Hezbollah's secrecy against them. If Hezbollah is turning against Iran, THAT is game over for the mullahs. Thank Trump and Mattis. What they did to the Russians in Syria on February 7, 2018, showed the region that the US will ANNIHILATE the enemies of our friends. And don't kid yourselves: Trump and Mattis drew Putin into a trap. Putin thinks he's a badass. Well, I've never seen a more ruthless operation than the trap that Trump and Mattis sprang. Mattis ACTUALLY SAID, ""I gave the order to annihilate the unit."" Not stop them; wipe them out. THAT changed the course of history in the Middle East. ""But Stormy!"" No. YOU butt Stormy. Join the 10,000 other men who have... ADDENDUM: Point number 3 should read, ""Why the hell would Hezbollah try to stop being an Iranian puppet?"" Anyone got a spare brain I can have? This one is driving me nuts with its continuous farting..."
" Check THIS out: They laid down a smokescreen, but they're ALSO banging on a metal container to make noise. They've got MULTIPLE fire extinguishers, and the banging is a very effective distraction. This guy looks exceptionally squared away. He's shockingly fit. Look at his giant hands. And he's hiding his face. Like I said, I'm 99.999 percent sure that this is regime change. Everybody is fearless, and they're doing everything RIGHT..."
" All right. The FISA memo is a strategic deception. First we have this. ""On Monday, FBI Director Christopher Wray and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein went to the White House and appealed to President Trump’s chief of staff, John Kelly, not to make the memo public, two sources familiar with the matter told NBC News."" Then we have THIS. And then THIS. NOTHING could possibly live up to the hype, so this has to be some kind of deception. We're all looking in the wrong direction. Nunes has clearance to see classified material. He knows what can be released and what can't. The FBI did indeed say they don't want the memo released. You to forget about the notion that the FBI and DOJ are covering up illegal activity by former members. Not a chance. If that were true, the memo would've been leaked by now. This is a PERFECT opportunity to leak what we're told is devastating information that will seriously damage the Democrats. But no leaks. When corrupt elements of the government refuse to cooperate, whistle blowers leak. But no leaks. Trump isn't pigheaded. Remember Lindsay Graham's story? Mattis asks Trump for permission to move 50 men into a village. Trump asks about the officer on the ground, making the request, and Trump is told that the guy is a West Point graduate. ""So why would you think I know better than him what to do?"" Trump asks. The press is eating this up. ""The public pushback escalates a bitter conflict between the White House and senior officials at the Justice Department, who approved the FBI statement..."" ""As well as senior figures in the intelligence community, who have previously warned that release of the classified GOP memo could endanger national security."" Do you think Trump would endanger national security? Do you think EVERY SINGLE PERSON Trump hired is suddenly corrupt? This is a strategic deception. Put it out of your mind. Something else is happening. We'll find out soon enough... ADDENDUM: Typo alert! Point No. 8: ""You CAN forget about the notion that the FBI and DOJ are covering up illegal activity by former members."" ""Can"" became ""to""? My God... ADDENDUM TWO: I think the memo is distraction for the inspector general's report. See, NUNES is partisan. The Democrats can scream, ""LIES!"" So that's why Trump and Nunes and everybody else are focusing on the memo. The Democrats aren't talking about the inspector general's report, which has already caused one resignation. The REAL atom bomb will be the IG's report. If Trump doesn't release the memo tomorrow, you'll know I'm right. And of course I could be wrong..."
" spreads lies about American ""culpability"" in the Holocaust. The book ""While Six Million Died"" itself admits that the US didn't know about the Final Solution until November of 1942. What were we doing in November of 1942? Losing badly to the Japanese. Military history should be taught so that people don't fall prey to liars, charlatans, and American haters. In 1942, all our weapons were obsolete. We lost every battle that we fought with the Japanese until June 4, 1942. The Battle of Midway. Only the brilliance of Admiral Frank Jack Fletcher saved us. We lacked the ability to save the Jewish people in death camps. When we invaded Europe on June 6, 1944, it was nothing but slaughter until the Nazis finally surrendered. They took us by surprise during the Battle of the Bulge. The Nazis killed 5000 Americans per WEEK in the battle. And ask the Russians how hard it was to liberate eastern Europe. THERE WAS NOTHING WE COULD DO to save the Jewish people in World War II. We lacked the technology and the manpower to launch rescue missions. When we finally closed in on the death camps, the Nazis began exterminating the survivors to hide the evidence. Here are all the Nazi death camps. Let me describe an Allied raid to rescue 500 prisoners from a Japanese camp in the Philippines. About 400 Americans and Filipinos were required. When attacking an installation, you need TWICE the number of enemy troops. Aerial photos of the camp had to be taken. The attackers traveled 60 miles and then infiltrated enemy lines AIDED BY JUNGLE OVERGROWTH. But all the overgrowth AROUND the camp had been cleared away. So the raiders crept up to the cleared area, and a P-61 Black Widow buzzed the camp at treetop level. This distraction allowed the raiders to attack, kill the guards, and free the prisoners. Remember, there were 500 prisoners. Auschwitz I had over 10,000 prisoners. How the hell would you rescue them? Rescuing the Jewish people would've required an effort larger than the D-Day invasion. We simply lacked the technology, equipment, and manpower. Isn't it funny that THE US is being blamed for what the Nazis did? Screw you people. Right into the ground... ADDENDUM: Operation Jericho, the attempted freeing of French Resistance fighters from a Nazi prison. The British bombed the walls of the prison with 18 Mosquito fighter-bombers. Here's an actual photo taken the operation. Of the 717 prisoners, 102 were killed in the raid and 258 escaped, 170 of whom were recaptured. All in all, 88 of the 717 prisoners got away. When the raid began, the guards started shooting prisoners. To rescue the Jewish inmates of the death camps would've required thousands of fighters, bombers, and transports all striking simultaneously and delivering thousands of commandos. Impossible. Grow the f*ck up..."
" There we go. The final masks are dropping. I said earlier today that , , and are revolutionaries. But this is a DIFFERENT revolution. In the past, revolutions came from the top down. Trump and his allies are changing the landscape, but no WE have to be revolutionaries ourselves. That means we have to change our way of thinking. Most of what you worry about doesn't actually matter. You need to recognize what DOES matter. Leftist autocrats matter. Listen to New York mayor Bill de Blasio. ""What’s been hardest is the way our legal system is structured to favor private property."" ""I think people all over this city, of every background, would like to have the city government be able to determine..."" ""Which building goes where, how high it will be, who gets to live in it, what the rent will be."" ""Every kind of community...would like things to be planned in accordance to their needs."" ""Look, if I had my druthers, the city government would determine every single plot of land, how development would proceed."" This is called ""Stalinism."" And the New Yorker finds it acceptable. Do you want to be a revolutionary? If so, STOP BITCHING ABOUT GLOBALISTS AND OTHER HOBGOBLINS. Fight the Democratic party, which is now OPENLY STALINIST. McMaster is not the enemy. STALINISTS are the enemy."
" End times? Nope. Ship horns. No doubt about it. But. Today there was a one-in-a-million confluence of sounds near my house. This is one of the country's busiest railroad hubs. Ever heard one of those mile-long trains stopping? At the same time, a police helicopter was revving up on the pad at the sheriff's station. AND. An airliner with two large-diameter engines was the taking the alternate route into LAX, which goes directly over my house. All three of those noises merged, and for 30 seconds, it sounds like a giant roaring his head off as he smashed his way out of the ground. I wish I could've recorded it. TRULY amazing. I've always been fascinated by the idea of the Apocalypse. The best Apocalypse movie is ""The Rapture,"" starring Mimi Rogers. Michael Tolkin says he could no longer make such a film, because he thinks it's disrespectful. Well, Francis Bacon is one of my favorite painters. He had a great quote: ""The job of the artist is to deepen the mystery."" ""The Rapture"" is great art that ASKS questions rather than answering them. When I live in Norway, it was impossible to see movies in their complete form. Norwegian film censors simply cut out parts that they felt were ""unsafe"" for the public to see. Entire plot devices were removed. The worst case was the film ""The Night of the Juggler."" One of my favorite films of all time is ""Taken,"" starring Liam Neeson. It's a remake of ""Night of the Juggler."" ""Taken"" is famous for Liam Neeson doing whatever he has to in order to save his daughter. In ""Night of the Juggler,"" James Brolin did the same--and the Norwegian movie censors cut it all out. Because of the Norwegian nanny state, the movie made no sense at all. Brolin approached people and then walked away, over and over and over, until suddenly his daughter was back with him. The Norwegians cut out 30 minutes from the movie. What the Norwegians did was remove the point of the film: A father will do ANYTHING to save his daughter. This is a great ethical question to ponder. It's called the ""Ticking Time Bomb Scenario."" If you know that time is of the essence, do you torture the hell out of the bad guys to get the information you need? That is a legitimate topic of debate. NOT IN NORWAY! ""Night of the Juggler"" was sanitized for our protection. An opportunity to REALLY THINK about morality was removed. I wrote novel about all of that. I learned a lot about the puny minds of the publishing industry. One of the two female love interests is a Southern Baptist. Reviews found that DEEPLY OFFENSIVE. But the character's religion is central to the plot. Again, it's about having to make terrible choices that go against everything you believe, but you have to make the choices anyway. Most high-level book reviewers are leftist women. My novel got a bad review because the female characters were too attractive, and they wouldn't have gone for the fat, neurotic narrator. GUESS WHAT? ""What about what you know."" That aspect of the book ain't fiction. Physically beautiful women go for homely men all the time. It's because women don't concentrate on looks. So I got a bad review by a fat, angry leftist woman who said that my ACTUAL LIFE was unconvincing fiction. I wrote a blog post about her. She was photographed wearing the lowest-cut blouse I've ever seen. So I pointed out that this angry woman accused me of objectifying women even though SHE had reduced HERSELF to nothing but a giant pair of knockers. She threatened to file a complaint under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, which is the only American law that says you're guilty until you prove yourself innocent. If someone files a complaint under the DMCA, you MUST take down the image and PROVE that it's in the public domain. If you refuse, the person filing the complaint is automatically granted ownership of your entire Website. There's no appeal. So the angry reviewer and I had it out. ""Didn't you like the giraffe?"" I asked. ""It just wasn't believable,"" she said. ""There's no giraffe in the book,"" I said. ""You didn't even read it, but you gave me a bad review because you're angry that I dared to turn all your feminist bullshit inside out."" ""Now that you've publicly humiliated me, will you please take down the photo?"" she asked. So I did. And she filed the complaint ANYWAY. That was pretty stupid of her. You can get TWENTY YEARS in prison for filing malicious claims under the DMCA. So after I proved to her lawyer that she'd lied, I contacted her. I threatened to expose her to the feds unless she sent me nude photos. After she agreed, I told her that I'd rather stick darning needles in my eyes than see her fat, zeppelin-boobed body naked. Then her boss got involved. He said I was the most insane person he'd come across in theirty years in the business. ""Aha!"" I wrote. ""Now I know who you're boinking. Does your wife know? Should I send her a little message?"" ""I cannot believe what a poisonous man you are!"" he wrote. Well, when I get screwed over, I get angry. Reviewers can kill books for PERSONAL REASONS. It pissed me off. But. Those two will never forget me. Ha... "
" wonders if is ever upset by the negative media coverage. Well, here's my theory: Trump began planning his presidency at the age of thirty. I think some people are able to see their future. Don't ask me how. Let me give you a really good example: Rufus Randall Rand Jr. Rand was an American who flew for the French in World War I. After training, he went into action on February 21, 1918. In his first 22 hours of flying, Rand was in SIX dogfights. His aircraft was an obsolete Nieuport, but he was such a skilled flier that he was able to drive off the enemy even when his gun jammed during three dogfights. So Rand was in an obsolete aircraft with a jammed gun, but he stayed and fought. Three times. In late February, the Germans sent a flight of bombers over Rand's airbase at night. The Germans used a twin-engine aircraft called the Friedrichshafen G.III. These bombers flew at a height of fifty feet, dropping time-delayed munitions and strafing with machine guns. As the bombers came in, the French and Americans fled for the trenches--all except for Rand, who stayed in bed. He said to his tent mate, ""If your number's up, it's up. At least I'll die warm."" A bomb fell right outside tent, and the German gunners riddled it with bullets. Rand was untouched, despite the tent being shredded. The next day Rand went out and strafed the German trenches from a height of six feet until he ran out of ammunition. His aircraft was hit by over 100 bullets, but he was untouched. Although only a corporal, the French made Rand a flight leader. This position was always reserved for officers. In May of 1918, Rand's unit finally got modern SPAD 13 fighters. Rand was shot down in flames three times in June, but he always landed the aircraft behind French lines and jumped out before he was killed. On June 9, 1918, he was attacked by nine German aircraft simultaneously. An explosive bullet hit his engine right in front of his face. He was untouched. Another bullet went through the collar of his flight suit. It missed his neck. When he landed, they found ten bullet holes in the cockpit area that formed a perfect outline around him. From June until the end of the war on November 11, 1918, Rand carried out ground-attack missions. His aircraft were always hit with machine-gun and cannon fire. He was never wounded even once. So after the war, Rand returned to Minneapolis, where he bought into the Greyhound Bus Company and the Minneapolis Gas Company. He built the Rand Tower in 1926. When the US went to war in 1941, 50-year-old Rufus R. Rand joined the U.S. Army Air Force as a bomber pilot. He took part in Operation Torch, the invasion of North Africa. Then Rand was sent to Britain as an Executive Officer for the Eighth Air Force. He was a desk jockey who planned bombing missions. BUT! Although just a planner, Rand flew several bombing missions himself. He talked young pilots into letting HIM fly the missions. THEY got to stay on the ground while 52-year-old Rand went into battle. Rand flew some of the roughest missions of World War II. And he was never touched. Not a single wound, ever. After the war, Rand went back to Minneapolis. He died in 1971 at the age of 79. So MY guess is that Rufus Randall Rand Jr KNEW that he was destined for greatness. He put his trust in a higher power. Like President Trump, I think Rand KNEW how things would go, so he was never afraid, and I'm sure nothing much upset him. So I don't think negative press bothers President Trump. I think--like Rufus Rand--Trump got a message: ""All will be well."" And he went with it. I don't think these messages are spelled out in detail. For example, I don't think Rufus Rand was told, ""You will never be injured in combat."" I think the messages are more along the lines of ""THAT'S it. You GOT it! Keep going! Warmer...warmer...hot...boiling hot!"" I think all of us have the ability to hear the messages, but we don't believe them, or we drown them out. I'm sure there were times that Trump said, ""To hell with it"" and gave up. But STARTING OVER is the REAL mark of character. There's an old adage in show business: ""Never read your reviews."" If they're good, they'll go to your head, and if they're bad, they'll get you down. I'm sure that Trump doesn't take his reviews to heart..."
" I was right about how the Iranians will free themselves. A Basij paramilitary burns his identity card. The caption: ""A fellow countryman burns his Basij card. My motto is to mobilize the population within the dictatorial system in this era of overthrow."" THAT will work. When enough of the security forces go to the other side, the mullahs will have no defenses. In my personal life, I've had to simply eat the past in order to move forward. When you demand ""justice"" that you'll never get, you remain in stasis. It's clear that the Middle East has decided to simply move forward and revisit the past at a later date, if ever. If Kim Jong-un is sincere, it means the North Koreans feel the same way. Letting go of the past doesn't mean you forget it or pretend it never happened. It just means that the past no longer rules the present and no longer prevents a productive future..."
" points out something important. In reality, the video is propaganda. Elon Musk and and Stephen Hawking are actually incredibly vacuous people if they think autonomous drones are a terrible danger. The deadliest weapon ever invented? Conventional artillery. High-explosive rounds are MURDEROUS. Artillery rounds shatter into razor-sharp pieces that chop human pieces into meat. Bashar al-Assad uses artillery as his most effective weapon of oppression. He rings cities with field guns and fires high-explosive rounds until the civilians surrender. The Houthis of Yemen use artillery the same way. They surrounded the city of Taiz with large-caliber artillery pieces. If anyone tried to liberate Taiz, the Houthis would bombard the city with high-explosive rounds. Well, these men simply APPEARED in the city and liberated it. We have an idea who they are. He immediately turns away from the camera. He immediately walks away. He quickly covers his face. He has a heavily modified Austrian SIG Steyr AUG. Before these men appeared in the city, somebody killed all the Houthi artillerymen. I'm sure that small, autonomous drones were used. The first men into Taiz wiped out the Houthis who had hidden themselves among the population. Only then did the armored vehicles arrive. This is a very interesting mine resistant ambush protected vehicle (MRAP). It has a Common Remotely Operated Weapon Station (CROWS) on top. That massive gun is operated from inside the vehicle. The gunner has a joystick and a screen. The CROWS is used in urban combat. Now, how the hell would the GCC and the Yemeni army have liberated Taiz without autonomous drones? Would Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking have preferred mass slaughter by artillery? Is that more moral? ALL WEAPONS CAN BE MISUSED. The GCC is killing FAR FEWER PEOPLE by using the weapons that Musk and Hawking oppose. Musk and Hawking are WRONG. That's all there is to it. They are OBJECTIVELY, INDISPUTABLY wrong..."
" James Comey. is a perfect illustration of how little the average person knows about how things work. AND. He's a perfect illustration of how too many Americans get their ideas from TV and movies. This is the former DIRECTOR OF THE FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION. If you out here in Twitterland think you know what's going on, you're crazy. I myself have no idea what's going on. But I'll tell you what I DO know: Comey is not going to ""bring down"" Trump. He's not even trying to. The comments on the above tweet are EMBARRASSINGLY CHILDISH. Trump's enemies oppose a man who doesn't even exist. The leftist version of Trump is a hallucination. A fever dream. Comey knows the REAL Trump. And of course Comey knows what the Bureau knows. Donald Trump is a revolutionary. He's completely his own man. That's why he took no money from the donor class. WHY would Trump refuse money from the donor class? Because that money is used to BUY POLITICIANS. Now WHY would Trump want to be a free agent, beholden to no special interests? Because his goal is to change absolutely EVERYTHING about the way the country is run. ""Trump will dismantle the administrative state."" --Steve Bannon James Comey knows this. Whatever else Comey is, he is NOT a rinky-dink. His Twitter profile says, ""Taller and funnier in person."" Funny people tend to not be wrongdoers. As I said, I have no idea what's going on. But. Comey's expression here is very specific. Ask anyone who knows about body language. Trump called Comey over, from all the way across the room. Comey thinks it's very funny and AUDACIOUS. The smile and tilt of his head say, ""I can't believe you did this!"" I don't pretend to know James Comey. But HE KNOWS TRUMP. So my guess is that all those Trump haters going, ""Yeah! ALL RIGHT! My MAN!"" are going to be BITTERLY disappointed. As I said, Comey is not a rinky-dink. Like Trump, he plays for keeps, DESPITE his sense of humor..."
" A question. Sally Yates SAID she warned Trump that Flynn was vulnerable to blackmail because he lied to the FBI. But DID she warn Trump? Is this more evidence that the Obama administration tried to set up Flynn to make Trump look like a Putin stooge, but Flynn used this to his own advantage? Here's what we KNOW. It can't be argued: Unlike ALL previous presidents Trump has not been the victim of catastrophic national-security leaks. And Trump is doing AMAZING things. Flynn appointed a ton of DIA spooks and others who have ZERO public footprint. They would all get security clearances. McMaster allegedly fired them all. But their security clearances would NOT have been revoked. Remember the story that the NSA's Admiral Mike Rogers ran to Trump Tower to beg for his job, and Clapper and Carter demanded that he be fired? CLASSIC smear job, based only on leaks. Rogers would be pretty pissed off. So Trump brings in Flynn, and Flynn brings in DIA spooks. Flynn is fired, and then McMaster fires all of Flynn's choices. But they retain their security clearances. There's only one person who can give people RAW signals intelligence, meaning uncensored recording of phone calls: NSA Director Mike Rogers. In order to give people raw signals intelligence, Rogers has to have a REASON that will stand up in court. In this case? Rolling up the network of ILLEGAL LEAKERS. Leaking and publishing classified intelligence is ILLEGAL. Giving spooks access to raw signals intelligence so that they can create barium meals? Perfectly legal. Rogers can do this at his discretion. All he needs to think about is, ""Will this stand up in court?"" I've lost track of the spooks who Flynn appointed and who ""McMaster fired."" But we go back to the one fact that nobody can dispute: No crippling national-security leaks of the kind that plagued George W. Bush. All these screeching Democrats are still thinking small. Trump, Flynn, Rogers, Ezra Cohen-Watnick, and McMaster see the big picture. This is a one-shot deal. Make or break. So Flynn served and continues to serve multiple functions. I think he created his own network of leak hunters who will remain on the job for as long as Trump is president. My guess is that they work for Trump, so they aren't on public records..."
" notices something important. The mullahs did everything they could to keep people away from Pasargad, the tomb of Cyrus the Great. The people came anyway. I've been studying the Saudi war-fighting method since May of 2015. The Saudis and their allies do two things: When they intervene unilaterally, they do so with the lightest possible footprint, and they conceal their capabilities. When they intervene on the side of someone, they WAIT TO BE ASKED. Shia Muslims make up 10 percent of the religion. Salafist terrorists hate the Shia more than they hate Jews and Americans. So the Shia haven't trusted the Saudis. Until now. There's no doubt that the Saudis fought in Iraq in Iraqi uniforms, and they trained the Iraqis in strategic special operations. That's why Moqtada al-Sadr went to Saudi Arabia. When he came back, he asked his followers to please not put up anti-Saudi posters. In 2009, the Iranians rose up in the Green Revolution. Hossein Hamedani of the Quds Force put down the protests with savage brutality. The Iranians have a paramilitary organization called the Basij. They're the skull-crackers of the mullahs. They murder protestors and serve as secret-police enforcers. Here's what happened: The Syrians rose up in 2011 ON THEIR OWN. It wasn't the CIA. The Saudis then PRETENDED to support Islamist rebels. It's clear to me that the Saudis sent commandos into Syria to lure Iran and Hezbollah into the country. And it worked. Once in Syria, Iran and Hezbollah began suffering catastrophic losses--of their LEADERS. Hossein Hamedani was the architect of the Syrian war plan. He was killed. Then Qassem Suleimani took over. He too was killed, in November of 2015. Hezbollah lost ALL its commanders. The Saudis have a unique military qualification badge: ""Assault and Pursuit."" Attack and chase down. FINISH OFF. The Iranian people thought their choice was the mullahs or a war. That's why the Iranians say, ""NO WAR."" They saw what happened in Iraq. The Saudis offer a third way: ""WE will render the mullahs' goons impotent, and YOU rise up."" That' what will happen. My guess is we won't even see evidence of the Saudi and GCC help. The day the mullahs are gone, the Saudis will offer to invest in Iran. Persian Shia and Arab Sunni will live in peace together. It's going to happen very soon, I think. The Persians are great people. Once freed, they'll become even greater..."
" See? Always trust me. ""In recent phone calls, Trump has told friends he believes the memo would expose bias within the FBI's top ranks and make it easier for him to argue the Russia investigations are prejudiced against him, according to two sources."" Not a chance in hell. But that's EXACTLY what Trump-hating journalists would believe. CNN wants us to think Trump called up ""friends"" and said, ""Hey: If I declassify the Nunes memo, that'll make it easier for me to discredit Robert Mueller! I'm, like, really smart!"" Now, how many people would be aware of these phones calls? Trump would be able to identify CNN's sources in about 1.5 seconds. I've also been thinking about something ELSE: Trump appointed Rod Rosenstein as Deputy Attorney General. Have you researched Rosenstein? At the time of his appointment as Deputy Attorney General, he was the longest-serving US Attorney. He specializes in prosecuting corruption and fraud by public officials. Rosenstein worked with Ken Starr in the Whitewater investigation. In retaliation, Barbara Mikulski, Ben Cardin, Patrick Leahy blocked his nomination to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Rosenstein prosecuted General James Cartwright--former Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff--for leaking Operation Olympic Games to the media and then lying to the FBI about it. Operation Olympic Games was the US-Israel cyber attack that destroyed Iranian centrifuges. Cartwright told the New York Times, so Rosenstein got him to plead guilty. Obama pardoned him before he was sentenced. Trump was asked if he still had confidence in Rosenstein. ""What do you think?"" he answered. So we have THIS. I'm thinking we're all looking in the wrong place again. What if Rosenstein approved the FISA warrants in order to catch OTHERS involved in FISA abuse? There are plenty of ways in which FISA intelligence can be abused. Rosenstein has a long history of fighting corruption and putting people in jail. Where's the evidence that HE'S the problem? My guess is that most people haven't bothered to read about him. Instead, they just repeated what they saw on TV or on Twitter. If Trump and Sessions are happy with Rosenstein, than so am I. End of story..."
" Pope Francis was born Jorge Mario Bergoglio. He's a former nightclub bouncer. When a person is deeply unqualified to hold a high position, and that person seems to make endless bad decisions based on incompetence, I start to wonder if maybe he was put there. Francis doesn't seem to know what he's doing. Years ago George Soros gave an interview in which he admitted that he felt like God, and that he wondered about his own sanity. I think it's entirely possible that the Obama administration committed outrageous acts of geopolitical destruction, based on a pathological need to garner power. The US had stagnated for decades. Nobody REALLY wanted improvement, because it was too hard. When everybody else is reaping the benefits of corruption, most people think, ""I'd be an idiot to not join in."" I'll tell you a story. Years ago, I found $300 in cash on the floor in a supermarket. I turned it in. The manager said, ""Just keep it."" So I said, ""No. Write me a receipt, and do it now."" He sullenly obeyed. In the checkout line, the woman in front of me suddenly went crazy, pawing through her purse. ""Are you missing $300?"" I asked. ""Yes,"" she said, very suspiciously. ""I found it and turned it in,"" I told her. She almost burst into tears. After getting her money and offering me a reward--which I refused--she asked, ""Why didn't you keep it?"" ""Because that would be wrong,"" I pretty much roared at her. After she left, the checkout girl said, ""I would've kept it."" By that time, I wanted to USE A FLAMETHROWER ON THAT PLACE (identify that movie), so I left and never went back. Morality is how you act when nobody is looking. I could've kept the money. Here in SoCal, my pocket has been picked twice. The whole state is lawless. And I'm proud to say that I never joined in, even though I saw no hope for improvement. NOW we have hope for improvement. So in a significant way, I was rewarded for always doing the right thing..."
" All right. Two Trump tweets. And the second. Some of us understand Donald Trump. His tweets ARE NOT idle chatter. The Arab press writes that the protests escalated after Trump said he supports the Iranian people who want regime change. ""'Death to the DICTATOR' Riot police clash with protestors in Iran after warning from Trump"" ""Spotlight has been thrown onto the demonstrations as US President Donald Trump warned 'the world is watching' in a post on Twitter."" Now, THIS IS PURE SPECULATION. If the Iranians are getting/will get help, it'll take the form of commandos who took part in a mass infiltration of Iran. Only a HANDFUL of officers in the Iranian armed forces would know this. Maybe as few as three to five. The commandos would speak fluent Farsi. This is from 2011. But the most import thing to understand is that each unit would operate autonomously. So the average Iranian soldier wouldn't even know of this clandestine help. The Iranian security forces can't engage in combat with highly trained commandos. In Aden, Taiz, Mosul, and Raqqa, this is what happened: Assault troops took objectives IN TOTAL SECRECY. They were never filmed. When the objective had been taken, the local troops appeared on the scene and were filmed. The local troops didn't pretend. They were on actual missions. But they didn't know that the assault troops were from other countries. Trump is REALLY pounding on this. I hope that means we WILL see regime change. Everything he says is significant..."
" People are asking me how I found my Chuck Todd ""Sleepy Eyes"" thread after Twitter broke it apart and took the date out of the database. I'm not going to tell you how I found it. Twitter reads direct messages, so there's no way I'm going to put this in writing. Besides, I don't know who the hell most of you people are. I'm sure hundreds of you are Twitter employees. So enjoy the thread you tried so hard to hide... "
" GOOD LORD. The European disease has taken root HERE now. An armed, uniformed deputy sheriff stood motionless--according to CCTV footage--for FOUR of the six minutes that the murderer fired. And we're not supposed to ""blame."" This is the Law of the Jungle. Every man and woman for themselves. ""We cannot blame that man. It would not be socially just."" What about the students he was supposed to protect? ""I am sorry. I did not hear your question. Good day, sir."" Did you ever read the poem ""The Second Coming,"" by William Butler Yeats? I'm sure knows it by heart. Here's part of it: Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold; Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world, The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhere The ceremony of innocence is drowned; The best lack all conviction, while the worst Are full of passionate intensity. In our society, we now have people who are telling us that it's wrong to hold ANYBODY to ANY standard. A Participation Trophy for everyone. ANY criticism is wrong. BUT. ALL YOU HEAR IS CRITICISM. So WHAT KIND of criticism is wrong? It's WRONG to criticize those who are MAKING EVERYTHING WORSE. That's it in a nutshell. We are not allowed to criticize incompetence, immortality, dishonesty, and failure. Doing so is not ""socially just."" You know where that leads us? Liberia. Joshua Milton Blahyi. General Butt Naked (center). Liberia became a place of perpetual civil war. General Butt Naked and his men fought naked. They were cannibals. They didn't cannibalize adults. You could go to Liberia and film ANY possible atrocity. Anything you can imagine being done to humans beings was done in Liberia, and it was all filmed. Liberia was Satan's Disneyland. What prevents a country from becoming Liberia? Accountability. We must ALWAYS hold people accountable. The attempt to PREVENT accountability is one sided. It's aimed ONLY at those who make everything worse. The agenda is to abolish the concept of accountability for ONLY those who make everything worse. We are to give FREE REIN to those who make everything worse. This is the hill upon which we must die, America. We MUST hold EVERYONE accountable, or we may as well pack it all in. I've never been able to find who said this, but it was a commander of Scottish Highlanders. He said to his men, ""We'll not leave this place alive, but we'll show them what we're made of."" And guess what? They DID leave that place alive. By fighting, they won. So let's show them what we're made of. It's the only way we'll leave this place alive..."
" The attacking force was 500 men. The general says up to 300 were killed. And there were also up to 300 wounded. The Russians were wiped out. I personally don't believe that an ""all-out conflict"" with Russia is even remotely possible. This incident was almost certainly a demonstration. In 1991, we urged the Iraqis to rise up. They did, thinking we'd help them. We actually--as hard as this is to believe--helped Saddam by returning weapons and allowing helicopter gunships to fly. At the time, we were under the delusion that Saddam would someday become a stabilizing force for the Middle East. There's an old saying: ""Choose the devil you know."" We were too afraid of the consequences of the Iraqis overthrowing Saddam. The Middle East has not trusted us since 1991. The Iranian armed forces have the ability to overthrow the mullahs. But they would require some form of assistance. We wiped out a large Russian unit to show the Iranian armed forces and others that the US will provide extremely lethal assistance to those who ask. The Russians were hit with artillery, jet fighters, Apache gunships, AC-130 gunships, and B-52 strategic bombers. The goal was to utterly demolish, NOT warn. Nobody forced the Russians to attack our troops and our allies. This was the big test that everyone knew Putin would attempt. passed the test. Putin failed. What I like about the current military leadership and executive branch is the businesslike aspect of doing things. It's not a pleasant thing to wipe out 500 Russian mercenaries, but it had to be done. Everyone is talking about it with the proper sobriety. That's good..."
" What do these idiotic tweets have in common? These tweets make the ASSUMPTION that slavery is the natural state for Middle Easterners. Local dictators and the rest of the world will make the decisions for Middle Easterners. AND Middle Easterners can't be trusted with freedom. Well, disagrees. I agree with HIM. We all know about the past. Someday--if necessary--we can have a long discussion about the past. Right now, I'm concentrating on the PRESENT and the FUTURE. In Iran, I see that the PEOPLE must be freed so that they can chart their own course. After the mullahs, the Iranian people will choose a course of peace and prosperity. There's no doubt whatsoever. Now, I don't choose sides between Arab and Persian, Sunni and Shi'ite, religious and secular. ALL people of good will are my allies. Middle Easterners know how to solve their problems. The role of the US is to HELP. We helped the Iranian people in Syria on February 7, 2018. That was the day that US air power annihilated a Russian assault battalion near Deir Ezzor. Of the 550 men, 200+ we killed, and 300+ were wounded. The unit took 100 percent casualties. Trump set up the Russians. Russian troops had been firing on US forces for over two years. They were testing us. So Trump made friendly overtures to Putin that poor primitive Vlad misunderstood. Trump was softening Putin up for the kill. There's no doubt about this. Just look at the map. The B-52 Stratortress strategic bombers came from Qatar, and the AC-130 gunships came from Djibouti. Those assets were on station, ready for use. As the few Russian survivors said, ""They knew we were coming."" That's because a Judas goat TOLD them to go. ""And you won't need air power! The Yankees will run!"" The destruction of the Russian assault battalion told the Iranian armed forces and security forces, ""If you need us, just ask. We're not afraid of Russia. Look what we just did to them."" THEREFORE the Iranian armed forces and security forces can now TELL the mullahs, ""The Americans will help us if we ask."" That REDUCES the possibility of war. The fact is, Iranians and Arabs are perfectly capable of running the Middle East without our interference. If they ASK for help, we can offer it. All these leftists believe in slavery. believes in freedom. REAL freedom means the freedom to make mistakes. But you LEARN from mistakes. An Iraqi writer said, ""The Americans let us out of our cages, but we didn't know how to fly."" MIDDLE EASTERNERS are teaching each other how to fly. Iranians don't trust Saudi Arabia. That's fine. What I can tell you after studying the Saudi war-fighting methods is that the Saudis wage war on MILITARY OBJECTS, not people. The Saudis don't even kill COMBATANTS unless they absolutely have to. This is an amazing video. Ignore the logos. They're fake. Arab commandos fired this missile, which did NOT kill anyone. The bright dot is a ""beacon."" A missile gunner uses it to guide the missile with controls on the launcher. The target is an Iranian crew-served weapon. It's a mortar or something similar. There are four men. The missile warhead does NOT produce a fireball. In other words, there's no high explosive in the weapon. This is CLOTHING flying off. All four men are perfectly intact. The commandos infiltrated BEHIND the Iranians and fired a new missile that wrecked the Iranian weapon and blew off the men's clothing. So: Their lives were SPARED. I've seen the Saudis do this over and over and over, for three years now. It's a combination of pragmatism and humanity. I fully understand that Iranians are nervous. But in the new Middle East, the old rivalries are meaningless. Nobody will insist on domination. So I would ask Iranians to TRUST president Trump. When the time is right, IRANIANS will ask for help. The US will provide it, and then Iran will be free. No war, no mass slaughter, no chaos. The SMART people--YOU--are running the show. WE are just here to help..."
" Think I'm onto something? First, the tweet. See it? ""Tapp."" ""TAPP"" is the acronym used in the music industry for the Alan Parsons Project."" Trump used their song ""Sirius"" on the campaign trail until... Ever looked at the lyrics of ""Sirius""? I am the eye in the sky Looking at you I can read your mind I am the maker of rules Dealing with fools I can cheat you blind And I don't need to see any more To know that I can read your mind, I can read your mind Quite a message to send to people who allegedly had Trump under illegal surveillance. ""Eye in the sky."" Wonder what that could be? There are no laws preventing private drones from filming streets. And the people who happen to be on them at the time..."
" So how fast is Saudi Arabia changing? Mixed crowd of men and women. Uncovered hair. This happened in A WEEK. Everybody seems to have adapted instantly. That says A LOT about the Saudis, doesn't it...?"
" Good LORD. There's no bottom to hit. Craziest thing I've ever read. Do they think we've forgotten that she was a sure thing? And now it's, ""A doomed campaign."" ""The challenge on the campaign was that you had a reporter holding the Clintons to a higher standard through a lower standard of reporting."" HUH?! What is it about Democrats and their need to create cult figures? I'm a HUGE supporter of --but I have no need to meet him, talk to him, or shake his hand. He's our greatest president. That's enough for me. When Trump is finished, I want him to return to the life he had BEFORE he took on this gargantuan task. The work he's doing is all I require. He owes me NO PART of himself. I studied Trump, so I understand what he's doing. But he's a pivotal figure in history. That sets him apart. Turning him into a cult figure trivializes him. It's almost impossible for ANY of us to grasp what Trump is doing. He's literally fixing the world. At home and abroad. The Clintons never had any intention of fixing ANYTHING. Their idea of being president came from stupid movies. THAT is what's so amazing: Trump is a film fanatic who has created a persona--and yet everything he's doing is real. All the presidents who claimed to be real will just characters in movies that were playing in their own heads. I always had the idea that Obama would look at himself in mirrors and mutter, ""I'm the president!"" Or he'd say to his daughters, ""The president asks that you pass him the mashed potatoes."" In one of his many campaign appearances, Trump promised that he'd never let his job go to his head. I believed him. Trump and Mohammed bin Salman hit it off because they're the same. Their great power allows for endless IMPROVEMENT. I thought the Middle East would be troubled forever, and I thought that North Korea would TROUBLE forever. Trump appears to have solved both issues. Now, don't get me wrong: It's not TRUMP ALONE. Trump has delegated, and he's chosen the right people, and he's made sure that enemies know that they don't have to remain enemies. If the North Koreans come around, THEY DESERVE CREDIT. This is the brilliance of Trump and Mohammed bin Salman. They haven't PERSONALIZED ANYTHING. This isn't about domination; it's about cooperation. Improvement. It was always said that it takes a person with a giant ego to want to be president. Yes. But Trump has shown that a great president must go a step further and become humble. When I studied Japanese shotokan karate, we started with a white belt. Then we went to green, brown, and black. The higher you go in black-belt degrees, the lighter your belt becomes, through wear and washing. So you end up with a white belt again. It's very strange: Growth is a return to simplicity. Common sense. Humility. We were smart enough to elect Trump, and he's delivering. IN SPADES. ""They were never going to let me be president."" What a pathetic lie. The entire GLOBE tried to prevent Trump from being president. Hillary didn't lose. Trump WON. And he will keep on winning. I for one will not get sick of it..."
" Thread on the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) in Syria. If you read my tweets, you know that I believe that Qassem Suleimani was killed in November of 2015. I don't expect others--especially Iranians--to believe me. It's only my opinion. But THIS is a fact: The IRGC was not trained to fight a counterinsurgency in a foreign country. There was no way that the IRGC could win in Syria. The IRGC is trained to put down uprisings in Iran. In Syria, they're fighting professional commandos disguised as rebels. Watch Jaysh al-Thuwar in a firefight with Islamist fighters. Those are commandos. They have air support and artillery support. Look at the munition hitting the building. I can't tell you the weapon. This is a fuel-air explosive (FAE). The projectile hits the trench and ejects a cloud of explosive vapor upward. Then the force of the explosion is directed downward onto the men in the trench See the flat smoke cloud? The explosion was like a hammer coming down. Hiding in a trench was futile. An air strike. A chemical explosion. NOT poison gas, but something much more powerful than TNT. See the green color? They edited out the sound here, because somebody was speaking non-Syrian Arabic. The IRGC never had a chance. Even the Quds Force never had a chance. The Iran-Iraq War was EIGHT YEARS of slaughter. The Syrian Civil War began in 2011 and is now in its seventh year. The Gulf Cooperation Council got directly involved in October of 2015 and carried out major operations in 2016 and 2017. Look at the overall death toll. The mullahs' men are outclassed on every level. BUT. They weren't slaughtered. The death toll DROPPED when professional commandos got involved. The reason the GCC waited until October of 2015? They waited to be ASKED. This video is long gone, since YouTube deleted the account. Kurdish human-rights activist and politician Heysem Menai of the Syrian Democratic Assembly visited the Shammar tribe in northern Syria. He had Kurdish bodyguards. But he also had Arab security. His Arab security was VERY good. All these men have VERY heavy weapons, and they have security equipment that I won't describe. The equipment indicates that these are GCC bodyguards. My guess is that they're Saudis. The Shammar tribe HATES the House of Saud. But Heysem Menai had GCC bodyguards when he visited the Shammar. It took YEARS before the Syrians trusted the GCC enough to agree to accept help. When the GCC got involved, the death toll dropped dramatically. Trump is correct. The mullahs offer bedlam and death. The GCC offers freedom. It's perfectly reasonable for Iranians to be suspicious of the GCC. But Iran will be free, and then the Middle East will solve its problems TOGETHER, without internal or external interference. Just watch. I think we're very close... ADDENDUM: I found a couple more screen grabs. Sheikh Hamidi al-Daham al-Hadi, the head of the Syrian Shammars, who are Sunni Arab allies of the Kurds. And another Arab bodyguard was standing BEHIND Heysem Menai. Watching. I did want to point out ONE thing. Skinny suit, right? Look closely. He's wearing body armor. And see THIS? Heckler & Koch MP7. Fits under stylish, skinny suits... "
" Brazil and Paraguay so far. This is the NON-horrifying video. Jorge Rafaat Toumani, Hezbollah's South American agent. Protected by Brazil, Argentina, and Paraguay. And I mean, the ARMED FORCES protected him. Eight-car convoy, 47 armed bodyguards. Rafaat Toumani drove his own SUV. He was hit by at least nine .50-caliber bullets. Look at the grouping. The official story is that a vehicle IN FRONT of him shot him up. No. The Paraguayans said that rival drug dealers used an M2 on an antiaircraft mount. I ask ANY soldier: Can you get a grouping like the one above, using an M2 on full auto in the back of a car? The ambush lasted 30 seconds. Nearly all 47 bodyguards were killed, and three idiot patsies in the car with the M2 were killed. So they located and killed the most important South American Hezbollah financier, provided patsies, and escaped. An ambush from multiple directions, with nobody killed in the crossfire. Here's audio of a commando mopping up. Narco-terrorists don't use double taps, and that was one guy. All the bodyguards' cars were hit only in the windshields and windows. They were shooting wildly in all directions before they died. That audio is a calm, trained person. Rafaat Toumani operated openly, because he thought he was untouchable. He found out too late that he wasn't..."
" Now THIS is an inspired playing of the race card. ""A two-page felony information, a charging document that typically signals an imminent guilty plea, outlines two counts filed against Terry James Albury of unlawfully disclosing and retaining national defense information."" ""Albury is accused of sharing a document on assessing informants and a document 'relating to threats posed by certain individuals from a particular Middle Eastern country' with a reporter for a national media organization."" Let's go to his lawyers: ""We would like to add that as the only African-American FBI field agent in Minnesota, Mr. Albury's actions were driven by a conscientious commitment to long-term national security and addressing the well-documented systemic biases within the FBI."" Forget the terrible grammar. What the hell does this mean? Was Albury leaking classified information to the press in order to defend Muslims? Black people? Minnesotans? ""He leaked classified information that compromised national security."" ""Yes, but he's black."" I made a video about the FBI. Federal law enforcement has some heavy duty remedial work to do, doesn't it...?"
" From Project Veritas's new video about Twitter. Last night, this tweet was sent from my account. I didn't write it. My screen flashed, and the tweet appeared in front of me. A PURE COINCIDENCE, I'm sure... ADDENDUM: My unsolicited advice is to immediately go public, as reluctantly as you are to do so. That's what I did last night. Why go public? If they're going to send tweets from your account, then they're ALSO going to take screen grabs. If you silently delete the tweet and hope nobody noticed, THEN they'll produce the screen grab. Someone pretending to be an average user will say, ""Hello! I just HAPPENED to be reading this person's tweets, and LOOK what a HORRID thing they said!"" If you silently deleted it, now it looks suspicious for you to say you didn't send it. So I took a screen grab, deleted the tweet, and then went public. As a result, I'm now being harassed by leftists who hate gays. That's the price of going public. You'll get harassed. BUT. If you don't immediately go public, they'll use it against you later. Guaranteed. The anti-gay harassment is already dying down. Permanent adolescents have short attention spans..."
" A very good point: All firearms except for one have a limit to how many bullets they can fire at once before they begin to malfunction. When you add devices to semiautomatic weapons to increase the rate of fire, those weapons will malfunction very quickly. Like this. The device for increasing the rate of fire is making the cartridges cycle through the weapon faster than the mechanism can take. An actual machine gun must be DESIGNED FROM THE BEGINNING to tolerate sustained fire. The magazine, the feed mechanism, the receiver, and the firing mechanism must all be able to handle sustained fire. This is what happens to rifles DESIGNED FOR SUSTAINED FIRE. The only weapon that can fire indefinitely is the Gatling family of weapons. These weapons don't use the gas of the spent cartridges. They use electric power, and they have multiple barrels. The M134. The GAU-8 Avenger. So the Las Vegas mass murder chose to use semiautomatic weapons with add-ons to increase their rate of fire. The drawback is that they malfunction quickly, and they aren't accurate. We've been told that the man was a multimillionaire. His jabbering brother said that $100,000 was nothing to him. Well, he could've bought ACTUAL machine guns for about $15,000 each. Why didn't he? Because for whatever reason, he would've been prevented. Something about him would've made him ineligible to legally own machine guns. Steve Wynn--of Wynn Resorts--says that the mass murderer was a modest gambler. He didn't blow massive amounts. My guess is that the mass murderer will not turn out to be anything or anyone special. We had a crowd of 20,000 packed together like sardines. The evidence indicates NO second gunman and NO machine gun. It was a guy with many, many semiautomatic rifles, firing wildly. His very mediocrity prevented a worse atrocity..."
" Step One. Step Two. Step Three. "
" tells us a big fat lie. Of course the exact opposite is true: American DOESN'T silently accept the rage of white men. After every mass shooting by a WHITE MAN, the US puts on a hair shirt and bans flags or foods or words. Naaz Modan is a narcissistic crap stirrer who has glamorous, pensive headshots taken. The REALITY, of course, is that virtually everyone complaining about ""mass shootings"" is doing so in bad faith. There's two ways we know this: One, nobody talks about mass shootings committed by black men. Why wasn't THIS front-page news? Secondly, the contexts of mass shootings are never given. Nearly all are domestic violence or criminals fighting each other. Stranger-on-stranger, mass-casualty incidents like the one in Las Vegas have nothing to do with race or anger. There's nothing about WHITENESS that makes people more or less dangerous than anybody else. Stranger-on-stranger mass shootings are committed by the mentally ill. forgets that people of color hold the world record when it comes to mass murder in the United States. September 11, 2001, saw the mass murder of 3000. Pulse Nightclub, June 12, 2016. A man of color killed 49. Virginia Tech, April 16, 2007. A man of color kills 32. San Bernardino, December 2, 2015. A man and a woman of color kill 14. Fort Hood, November 5, 2009. A man of color kills 13. Binghamton, New York, April 3, 2009. A man of color kills 13. Seattle, February 18, 1983. Three men of color kill 13. Washington Navy Shipyard, September 16, 2013. A man of color kills 12. Given that the United States is 77 percent white, people of color are VASTLY overrepresented when it comes of mass killings. And the answer to that is, ""So what?"" Does Allan West's race make him a danger to society? is a despicable, immoral self-aggrandizing turd. SHE is what's wrong with America. There's only one way to solve the problem of mass shootings: We need to make it easier for the authorities to detain the mentally ill against their will. If you look back at stranger-on-stranger mass shootings, you ALWAYS see terrible errors in judgment. One reason is that good citizenship is no longer taught. We are, in fact, all in this together. Stranger-on-stranger mass shootings are not the fault of angry white men. That's racist reductionism. What does this graph tell us? Not much at all. Same number of fatalities in 2014 as in 1982. As always, the press is there to tell us that everything sucks. That's a lie. But that's how gets attention. By lying. As we try to find solutions, the last thing we need is racist slurs. Remember what we were told on September 12, 2001? ""We can't let the actions of a tiny minority define how we perceive the entire group."" If it's good enough for Muslims, it's good enough for white men."
" I'm almost certain that the US, China, and Saudi Arabia carried out commando operations in North Korea to free Kim Jong-un from the ruling elite. If true, it's the perfect bookend, considering the Blue House Raid. The Blue House is the South Korean White House. In 1966, the North Koreans assembled a commando team of 31 officers from Unit 124. They trained for two years to attack the Blue House and kill President Park Chung-hee. The plan was that the commandos would kill the president and then broadcast a fake plea for ""liberation."" North Korea would then invade, citing that plea for liberation. The 31 North Korean commandos trained in a full-scale replica of the Blue House. On January 17, 1968, the commandos infiltrated into South Korea. On their first night in country, they set up a camp on Simbong Mountain. On January 19, 1968, four woodcutters--all brothers--came across the camp at 2:00 p.m. The commandos captured them and tried to indoctrinate them. THIS is the fatal weakness of totalitarianism. These lethal commandos were as innocent as babies, due to their isolation. The woodcutters said, ""By golly, we've seen the light! We're now communists!"" So the commandos let them go. Of course the woodcutters went to the authorities,and the mission was compromised. But the commandos tried to carry it out anyway. On January 21, 1968, the commandos failed to get through their first checkpoint. Eight days of running gun battles followed, in which all the commandos except for two were killed. South Korea lost 26 soldiers, and the US lost four. One commando escaped, and one--Kim Shin-jo--surrendered. He's on the left. The South Koreans discovered that Kim hadn't fired any of his weapons or thrown any of his hand grenades. They asked him why. ""Because they lied to me,"" he said. ""They told me South Korea is a horrible place where they torture and murder people, and it was lies. I could see for myself that it was lies. This is a beautiful place full of happy people."" Kim was interrogated for a year, and then they let him go, because he hadn't committed any crimes. Today he's a Presbyterian minister. The Koreans are known as the ""Irishmen of Asia."" They drink and brawl and express emotions very easily. South Korea is very successful, but it has its own dark past. Although President Park survived the North Korean assassination attempt, his own CIA director murdered him on October 26, 1979. ""The President's Last Bang"" is a great film about the assassination. I highly recommend South Korean cinema. One of my favorite movies is ""I'm a Cyborg But That's Okay."" It's deeply moving. The North and the South have a lot in common, so it won't be hard for them to work things out. So think of this: Of 31 deadly commandos trained for two years, one instantly lost his indoctrination when exposed to freedom. That was a guy who was FAR MORE indoctrinated than the average North Korean. And he INSTANTLY changed, to the point that he refused to use his weapons even in self-defense. Therefore peace is not only POSSIBLE, it's actually PROBABLE..."
" As I recall, you're a Texan. Ever heard of ""mailboxing""? When I lived in Tyler, Texas, from 1972 to 1975, there was a fad: Kids drove down the road at night at 70 miles per hour, knocking down mailboxes with a baseball bat. Some people did this to save their mailboxes. Well, the man who did the following has died, so now I can tell his story. He got tired of replacing his mailboxes, so he filled one with cement. At night, he'd remove the real mailbox and replace it with the cement-filled one. One morning he came out and found the cement-filled mailbox on the ground. Beside it was a splintered baseball bat. There was a little story in the local paper of a kid showing up at the emergency room with compound fractures of both arms. The doctors had never seen so many broken bones. The kid refused to say what he'd been doing. My guess is he had to wear two casts for months. I wonder how he liked having his mother wipe his butt for him? Trump is a mailbox filled with cement. For whatever reason, his enemies refuse to accept it. Which means they'll end up having their mommies wipe their butts for them. Ha."
" Look at a tunnel bored into a mountain. Imagine the tunnel collapsing, and then all the openings being sealed. From space. The North Koreans and Iranians use the same strategy of putting their nuclear facilities in mountains. My theory is that the Gulf Cooperation Council gave Israeli scientists trillions of dollars to figure out a solution. If our allies collapsed the tunnel, you can be 100 percent sure that that no radiation escaped. Note that nobody has RECORDED a rise in radiation since October 10, 2017. The first sign of Chernobyl was Norway recording a rise in atmospheric radiation..."
" ""Stand with the survivors""? ""Respect for all""? That goes both ways. The survivors are calling ME a murderer. I've survived stuff they can't even imagine. The survivors also say in plain language that they are motivated entirely by politics. But. What about the survivors who don't agree with the half a dozen who have become media darlings? This is all BACKFIRING. Why? It's backfiring because it's dishonest. This entire gun-control push is a transparent attempt to demonize political opponents, I'm not going to boycott anyone. And I don't even listen to Laura Ingraham. As someone outside the bubble, I can tell you that this is not playing well. It's the sort of thing that plays on most Americans' fear, because it's irrational and it's based painting dissenters as criminals. It took me hours to find the information that in our entire country's history, semiautomatic rifles have been used in deadly school shootings exactly THREE times. The dishonesty of this gun-control push is illustrated by that fact. You want to ban a weapon that's been used at school shootings exactly three times in our country's history. This is proof that we're not dealing with a good-faith attempt to bring about change. If you approach me with an HONEST argument, I'll listen. Until then, this movement is strengthening my resolve to THWART it by voting for all the people who will stop it..."
" Let me show Hollywood how to apologize: ""Yes, the accusations made against me are true. I have no excuses."" ""I'll do anything [my accuser] asks me to do to make the situation better. Words mean nothing. Tell me what I can do, and I will."" Nobody will EVER apologize that way. It's because they aren't really sorry..."
" asks a question. There will be no regional war. Hezbollah has already bowed out. Also, it isn't ISRAEL hitting Iranian bases in Syria. This is a multi-engine jet transport. It turned off all its navigation and anti-collision lights. There's a single white light on the nose or belly. It's a Gulf Cooperation Council transport full of these. Israel cleared minefields from the Golan Heights. I thought that was IN PREPARATION for something, but now I think the GCC troops have already gone in. If the GCC is demolishing Hezbollah fighting positions, will Hezbollah admit to it? I'm now also positive that Qatar played Iran and Hezbollah. So I think the Hezbollah rocket arsenal and tunnel system is worthless. The chances of regional war DISAPPEARED when Israel revealed that the Mossad had ""acquired"" 1000 pounds of paper and CD documents from the vaults of Iran's most secret and heavily guarded building. Here's something nobody's talked about: Israel has ALL THE DOCUMENTS. There are none left in Iran. All the records were put in one place. And now they're gone. ALL Iranian research into nuclear weapons was taken from them. My guess is that Judas goats in the Iranian government convinced them to put everything in one place. ""That way nobody can leak anything!"" they said. And then the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps delivered the entire lot into the hands of the Mossad. WHY?! Because the right people have been convinced that Israel is not the enemy. Do you know what the Iranian protestors are chanting at FRIDAY SERMONS? ""We turn our backs on the 'enemy' and face the REAL enemy here at home."" They mean the mullahs. ""Death to America"" doesn't mean anything anymore. The mullahs are reduced to supporting the leaf-chewing Houthis. Their movement is called ""Ansar Allah."" Supporters of God. The Houthis are the Shia equivalent of the Islamic State. Their goal is to take over the world. Houthis claim descent from Mohammed. Therefore they have a divine right to rule the world. Mohammed bin Salman (MbS) of Saudi Arabia, in contrast, recently said that every person on earth has a divine right to choose for him or herself what to believe. He said that since the WORD of Islam is now know on the entire planet, Muslims must go about their business. According to MbS, the message has been delivered. And now it's time for Muslims to concentrate on improving THEMSELVES without worrying about the rest of the world. This is the Houthi flag. God is great Death to America Death to Israel A curse on the Jews Victory to Islam This is a ninth-century mindset. Today's Iranians laugh at it. In the Middle East, the concept of FACE is paramount. The fear of losing face has kept people in paralysis. But all of that has changed. Let's look at Iran's population density. This is what the GCC has in its arsenal. ""The Israeli team will spoof the radars on the Iranian air defense weapons, telling their monitors that either no planes are in the sky or hundreds are."" So take it to the bank: The GCC ALREADY HAS TROOPS in the barren center of Iran. But the goal is NOT WAR. The GCC is already protecting Iranians who will do the heavy lifting. Yemen was the mother of all distractions. And so is . He sucks all the the air out of the global media. Trump's Judas goats got Stormy Daniels to renege on her deal. Nobody sane cares about Stormy Daniels, and she herself denied the affair. Trump paid her $130,000 to go away. He had more than that in his wallet at the time, I'm sure. But Trump is the Great Military Deception. He's covering for INCREDIBLE operations. In the Middle East, all people of goodwill are now working together. So no regional war. Iranians will free themselves, and then the mullahs' lackeys will wither on the vine. The plan is WORKING PERFECTLY. So don't be afraid. The author of all things watches over us... ADDENDUM: Nanodrones and fuel-air explosives used together in combat. There is no bloodshed or gore. "
" Here's the problem: People don't even know what's happening. These are NOT CITIZENS. They themselves are illegals. AND they do very poorly in the US. My city is a disaster now. It's so hopeless that I have to leave after 30 years. NOBODY in my city obeys a single law. Driving here is taking your life into your hands. Come out here and watch the skyrocket show EVERY NIGHT. The live music from houses EVERY NIGHT. Th pack of dogs barking ALL NIGHT, EVERY NIGHT. We just have to be honest: The Mexican culture doesn't value education and the rule of law. Does that mean ALL Mexicans are like that? Of course not. But California's political scandals are now indistinguishable from Mexico's. California is now called ""Upper Mexico."" Come out here and watch people driving 70 miles per hour in PARKING LOTS. Road rage is a pandemic now. There's garbage EVERYWHERE. In California, people get rid of things by simply putting them out on the street. Have you ever seen THIS in your life? It's like a movie about a dystopian future. The people in my city leave toilets everywhere. And they don't FLUSH used toilet paper. The illegals come from a class of people who don't aspire. Trump's plan is to give the DACA recipients work permits. Well, they have no skills, so they won't be able to find work. That will make them leave. They're ALREADY leaving. 790,000 in September of 2017. 670,000 today. I don't understand the fixation on this one small group of people. Both sides of the argument seem to be completely uninformed. Some will find jobs, some will leave, and they won't be offered citizenship. The Great Blue Wave will not materialize, and the Great Roundup will not happen. And then everyone will find something ELSE to get hysterical about..."
" Now: the Damascus suburb of Eastern Ghouta. A report. RT tells us that the Russians and Syrians came an agreement with jihadist rebels to let civilians leave. But. ""There are reports of militants taking hostages and opening fire on those attempting to flee."" This leaves us with only two possibilities: One, the Russians and Syrians have agreed to let the JIHADISTS leave, in exchange for the jihadists releasing their human shields. Or two, are NO JIHADISTS in Eastern Ghouta, and all of this is elaborate kabuki to allow Russia and Assad to play the heroes. I can't tell you what's really happening. My gut tells me that in reality, there are no jihadists in Eastern Ghouta, and we're watching a melodrama with life-and-death stakes. If this is all a charade, Russia and Assad would have been FORCED into it. All you'd need to do to control Russia and Assad is occasionally blow the hell out of their troops and weapons systems. Why the charade? Because POSTWAR Syria is more important than the war itself. The Americans report that refugees are coming back in massive numbers in the areas where we patrol. They're already rebuilding. We have no evidence of a postwar insurgency. The Gulf Cooperation Council studied post-Saddam Iraq. They saw that the mistake WE made was to become the public face of the postwar period. You won't see Saudis publicly setting up anything in Syria UNLESS they are asked. After Saddam was hanged, his grave became a shrine. Do you know the old Arab proverb? ""I against my brother, my brother and I against our cousin, my brother and cousin and I against the world."" Toppling Saddam made him a sympathetic figure. So the GCC is undertaking unprecedented strategic deception operations in Syria. Westerners want everything over as quickly as possible. Here's what a Yemeni official said about the war in Yemen: ""Yemeni Interior Minister Ahmed Al-Misri said on Monday that the 'delay in finalizing the war' against Houthi militias has been due to the legitimate government forces ensuring that they 'respect human rights during the ongoing battles.'"" He means avoiding civilian casualties that will create another cycle of revenge. Has it worked? Yes. ""A senior official of the Yemeni armed Houthi movement on Thursday confirmed that his group has been undergoing secret talks with the Saudi side since two months to end three years of war."" A combination of force AND restraint is allowing the two sides to have direct talks. The Houthis also see that their patrons--the Iranian mullahs--are on the way out. The Houthis are being driven back on all fronts without suffering massive casualties. This is because the GCC wages war on MILITARY OBJECTS, not people. It's a new form of warfare. ""Experts"" tell me that this new form of warfare won't work. Really? If you're fighting, and every time you go out, all your weapons get destroyed, are you going to keep going out again, forever? Or are you going to say, ""To hell with this. We can't win."" I'm very optimistic about the Middle East. That optimism dates from August 4, 2015. Nobody knows how these tanks got there... "
" D'OH! ""Giving Moscow control of more than 20 percent of America’s uranium supply."" , you owe an apology. Or two. Or 50,000."
" President Trump, Congress, and military action. In the US, Congress has ALWAYS politicized military action. Senator George William Norris, for example. Here's why the US entered World War I: The Germans had a SABOTAGE ring in the US. They blew up shipyards and infected horses with glanders and anthrax. Germany conducted BIOWARFARE against the US. They were doing stuff like this: May 1, 1915. The Germans armed Mexicans, who came over the border and killed Americans. Then Germany asked Mexico to enter the war on Germany's side, promising the American Southwest as the reward. When the Germans resumed unrestricted submarine warfare, Wilson declared war. Wilson was a pacifist, but the Germans had been carrying out terrorist attacks on US soil for two years. It had to stop. So who does Senator Norris blame? THE UNITED STATES. Congress is ALWAYS unreliable when it comes to matters of war. See? The bill was intended to prevent Trump from prosecuting wars against ALL our enemies. Congress gives the president an Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF). There's also the War Powers Resolution. The president must consult with Congress before he sends troops into action or orders strikes. So guess what Trump did? He authorized MATTIS to make these decisions. That prevents THIS. Trump isn't sending anyone anywhere, and he isn't making military decisions. Therefore Congress is IMPOTENT. Congress has NO POWER to stop decisions by the Secretary of Defense. All Congress can do is cut off funding to the military. Hey, look at this! The Founding Fathers expected Congress to take its responsibilities seriously. Congress didn't. So Trump BYPASSED our corrupt, partisan, obstructive, demented, angry lawmakers. When it comes to fighting wars, there's not a thing this guy can do to change anything anymore. THAT'S how smart Trump is. Forget all that blather about McMaster. MATTIS is making the decisions. Even if McMaster wanted to send 50 billion troops into combat, it wouldn't happen. MATTIS is the decider. The Pentagon has admitted as much. Remember all the yapping about the new strategy for Afghanistan? The new strategy was silently implemented. Congress had no input whatsoever. They abused their power, so they lost it. Ha. "
" This is great. Just watch the first 90 seconds. ""MASSIVE!"" ""SLAUGHTERBOTS!"" The reality. Thirteen model airplanes. You could ""repel"" them by throwing rocks. The Zerohedge theme song. "
" It's not possible to tell if is sincere or not. But I'll address the point. The press OPPOSES the Iranian protests. Why? Because Trump supports them. Trump sent this tweet for two reasons. One, he wanted to tell the Iranian people that the US will help them IF WE ARE ASKED. And two, he wanted to make the press IGNORE THE PROTESTS. By supporting the protests, Trump made sure that the press would oppose them. WHY WOULD HE DO THAT? Because THESE protests are completely different from anything that ever happened in any country before. In December, small protests took place...ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. Remember that in 2009, the protests centered in Tehran. They were easily crushed. All the protestors were in the same place. So first, the Iranians protested all over the country simultaneously. It was ""reconnaissance by protest."" The mullahs' security apparatus was tested. THEN the protesters rehearsed moving large groups of people form one city to anther. Farmers in ONE city changed places with farmers in ANOTHER city. THEN the protesters rehearsed moving large groups of people from SEVERAL cities to ONE city. A HUGE number of security forces were recruited. The Syrian war is VERY unpopular, and men NOT TRAINED AS SOLDIERS are being sent to fight in Syria. After all the rehearsals, we're seeing physical confrontations with the security forces. Iranians are using figures from the pre-Revolution era. Nasser Divan Kazerooni, who died fightign the British in World War One. His slogan was ""Be prepared to rise up."" In 1991, George Herbert Walker Bush told the Iraqi people to rise up. They thought he would support them. Instead--for geopolitical reasons--we allowed Saddam Hussein to kill 180,000 people. We returned Saddam's captured weapons. That was the end of American credibility. NOBODY in the Middle East trusted us to help them. Therefore on February 7, 2018, the US utterly destroyed a Russian assault battalion at Deir Ezzor in Syria. Of the 550 men, 200+ were killed, and 300+ were wounded. The Russian unit suffered 100 percent casualties. We sent in B-52 strategic bombers from Qatar and AC-130 gunships from Djibouti. Fixed-wing fighters, Apache helicopters, A-10 ground-attack aircraft, and US Marine precision-guided artillery were also used. The goal was not to STOP the Russians. The Russians send REGULAR ARMY troops to Syria and call them mercenaries. We ANNIHILATED the Russian assault battalion to send TWO messages. One, a message to Putin: Don't interfere...in IRAN. Two, a message to Iranians: We're not afraid of Russia. If you rise up and ASK FOR HELP, we will help you. We won't betray you, the way we did in 1991. Yesterday, unidentified GROUND FORCES attacked multiple Iranian and Hezbollah bases in Syria with surface-to-surface ballistic missiles. The protest in Iran are helpful TO IRANIANS. But the western press OPPOSES THEM. So don't worry about getting press coverage. The Iranian people have incredible powerful brilliant allies helping them. Regime change in Iran COULD BE very dangerous. Therefore the allies of the Iranian people are ""preparing the battlefield."" Believe me: You don't want a VIOLENT overthrow. The current approach will take longer, but it will be successful, and it will allow for a stable, peaceful Iran AFTER the mullahs. So trust YOURSELVES. The western press is your enemy. MIDDLE EASTERNERS are your allies. With their help, you will win..."
" I blocked a demented conspiracy theorist for this: Here's the reality. Easily the stupidest conspiracy theory is that the government has a tiny handful of ""crisis actors"" who appear at every mass-casualty event. Why the hell would you use the same people over and over? That would immediately blow the conspiracy. Let's talk about people who look alike. Here's a Bill Mauldin cartoon. The soldier is saying, ""This is the village my pappy told me about."" I had a friend who took a backpacking trip through Europe. In Austria, she went to the abandoned village of Döllersheim, Hitler's birthplace. The closer the got, the more everybody looked like Hitler. She called the area the Valley of the Hitlers. Every single face looked like Hitler's. The bassist Geddy Lee and my brother Pat Wictor. In 1994, people in my city began harassing me. Strangers. The worst instance was a carload of gangbangers who pulled up beside me at a stoplight and began flashing gang signs. They followed me into a supermarket parking lot. I pretended I was going to get out, and then I floored it and blew three red lights. Finally I went to the cops. When I walked into the station, the deputy behind the counter said, ""NOW what?"" I said, ""What do mean? I've never been here before."" It turned out that there was a deranged man in the city who looked exactly like me and DROVE THE SAME CAR. All he did was pick fights with gangsters and then then go bitch to the cops. He was eventually arrested and committed. My brother Tim had people walk up to him ALL THE TIME and say, ""Yo, Luke, wazzup?"" Finally someone dragged Luke up to Tim, and they were clones. Identical in every way. I made a big mistake in Tokyo in 1985. A guy came up to me at a bar and asked if I'd been boating lately. I was drunk, so I pretended to be the boater. Well, the friend of the boater then found me and talked to me every weekend FOR THE NEXT FIVE YEARS. I didn't have the heart to tell him that he had the wrong guy. There's no such thing as CIA crisis actors who are used to mislead the public. That conspiracy theory is stupid on every level. Some people just look alike, and others bear no resemblance to each other, but mental patients say, ""IT'S THE SAME PERSON!"" So ENOUGH. Stop being crazy. It's very annoying... ADDENDUM: Trump's grandmother. That's the identical face, unchanged two generations later... "
" Yesterday, the cast of met the press. I read most of the articles. One of the first questions that was asked is how she and her character can support a ""racist xenophobe"" like . This has to stop. The country isn't five years old. It's an ugly tantrum that has been going on since November 8, 2016. means to have tantrum every day for eight years? Time to grow up. Also, time to STOP CROSS EXAMINING PEOPLE on their beliefs. Roseanne calls it ""hate-triotism."" Hate-triotism is stupid, because if you read the articles, it shows that the family isn't monolithic. Some don't support Trump at all. The series is about STOPPING THE TANTRUMS. To this day, I don't demand that people justify their support of Obama or Hillary. You know what they're doing in IRAN as we speak? Putting the past behind them. When a dictatorship falls, usually the former victims spend a LONG time exacting revenge. In Iran, the people are telling the security forces, just join us, and all will be well. If Iranians--for the benefit of the country--can put aside their rage at an unjust security apparatus, can't we STOP the tantrums? Can't all these grim actresses of a certain age and grim journalist stop acting like they're five years old? Hate-triotism is all about melodrama. Remember this? So embarrassing. ""In the name of humanity!"" You have to wear a powdered wig and shake your jowls as you shout it. ""HARRUMPH, I SAY, IN THE STRONGEST POSSIBLE TERMS!"" Trump is an anti-fascist. He's LOOSENING government control over people and our companies. Not even Iranian protesters are shouting, ""IN THE NAME OF HUMANITY."" If people living under REAL fascism aren't melodramatic, then WE can damn well rein in our childish hate-triotism. Michael Wolff was able to TROLL the press because of hate-triotism. Just wait: Trump's opponents are going to wish they'd never heard the name ""Michael Wolff."" That's guaranteed..."
" Now I can be honest. People always told me to read this guy. I did. I wasn't impressed. He's not impressed with me either. But! I wasn't impressed with HIM because his points didn't appeal to me. It was all this hugger-mugger about ""persuasiveness."" I was reminded of a stunningly horrible movie called ""The Long Goodbye."" I recommend everyone see it. Everyone--the actors and director--was drunk and high, and they improvised most of the dialog. In one scene, a mafioso orders everyone in the room to take off their clothes because ""a naked man can't tell a lie."" YOU HAVE TO BE STONED TO THINK THAT'S PROFOUND. Elliot Gould's answer to everything is, ""Doesn't matter to me."" ""Would you like a drink?"" ""Doesn't matter to me."" So I didn't bother reading all that stuff about persuasiveness. It was like the film ""The Long Goodbye."" But THIS is utterly lame. It's the fallacious argument of ""Appeal to Authority."" Argumentum ad verecundiam. It's a bad-faith attempt to shut people up. ""Why isn't the New York Times reporting it?"" I post about stuff THAT EXISTS. That's a hypersonic attack jet. YOU CAN SEE IT FOR YOURSELVES. Using the video frame rate and the distance between light poles, I was able to calculate the speed of the jet. Mach 4.5. 3425 miles per hour. 5513 kilometers per hour. You don't need the ""authoritative"" New York Times to tell you what to think. YOU CAN SEE IT FOR YOURSELF. More totally unknown technology. did you see it, or do you need to wait for the authoritative New York Times to confirm that it's real? The video shows that SOMEBODY is using flamethrowers in Iraq. The dead terrorists leave no doubt. Hey! Look at this guy! British flameproof suit of World War I. Now, the dead terrorists in Iraq were burned ONLY between the chin and the thighs. Why? The flamethrowers were incinerated the suicide belts and vests. But a flamethrower can't be so precisely controlled, can it? Yes! If it's a NEW weapon. I found a patent for a flamethrower that fires BLOBS or SLUGS of material that ignites spontaneously when exposed to atmospheric air. This is the patent drawing. The final design would be different. BUT. The patent calls for a CLOTH FUEL TANK. Hey! Look! That's not a life vest. A cloth fuel tank allows commandos to move silently. So THIS is how I spin my yarns. I ALWAYS provide evidence. Have I EVER told you that some other person's ideas are invalid because the haven't appeared in the New York Times? I appreciate people reaching out to the ""significant"" thinkers among us, but they will NEVER accept my ideas. So don't waste your time. YOU can think. That's all that matters..."
" I must respond. The British. In World War I, the British had the misfortune of not understanding flamethrowers. The British ""portable"" flamethrower was the Norris-Menchen. It weighed 130 pounds. It was so heavy that it was used only at gas schools to train men in how a flamethrower looked and sounded. This is the only known photo of the weapon in action. One man sprays, while the other operates the valves. It was just too heavy to use in combat. We move from the portable to the Livens Semi-portable. No photos exist, so I drew this from descriptions. The Semi-portable weighed 150 pounds and was operated by two men. They carried it into battle using two poles, like a sedan chair. The poles were then used to BRACE the flamethrower, because it did a backwards somersault when fired. The device was too large and heavy to carry through trenches or across muddy battlefields. Seventeen men died trying. The Semi-portable had a friction coupling connecting the curved lance. This coupling often popped open. The lance flew off, and then men were doused with burning oil. The men who used flamethrowers were from Z Company, Special Brigade, Royal Engineers. They were all corporals. F. J. Hobbs, Special Brigade. The insanity isn't over. The Livens Large Gallery Flammenwerfer. Fifty feet long, and assembled underground. It was used three times in combat. It took 200 man-hours to assemble. The range was over 300 feet. Then there was the Vincent. The Vincent was used in the Zeebrugge Raid of April 23, 1918. The British tried to block the Belgian port of Zeebrugge. They fitted the HMS Vindictive--an ancient cruiser--with two massive ""flamethrower huts."" Each box contained a Vincent. In addition, 36 Hay Flame Guns were used. To use the Hay, the operator put the strap over his shoulder and waddled forward with the flamethrower between his legs. On the day of the raid, the HMS Vindictive was shot utterly to pieces. The nozzles of both Vincent flamethrowers were shot off, spilling oil all over the ship. The ""hut"" is the box on the right. The Hay Flame Guns were totally ineffective. Unlike in German weapons, the oil and propellant gas mixed, creating a foam. Of the 36 Flame Guns used, only two were brought back. The others were abandoned. Here's one of the survivors. The British THEN invented the Livens Projector, which fired containers of flame oil. The projectors were used in batteries of 25, but up to 200 containers of oil could be fired at a time. It took all day to set them up, and then the Germans could wipe them out with artillery because they created a giant blinding flash. The head of the British flame-chemical effort said that the flamethrower was a useless weapon. Well, that's like me building a car with square wheels and then saying that the concept of the automobile is worthless. Oh, I forgot! Lieutenant Lawrence. He invented his own flamethrower. You used a lever on top to puncture an internal cylinder of propellant gas. The lance was rigid, attached by a universal joint. The British turned down Lawrence, so he then went on leave to Russia and sold them the design himself. Since that worked out well, he went to France and tried to sell the design to the US, but by this time his superiors had found out."
" Well, well, well. ""Increased aerial attacks by the US have led to a marked reduction in terror attacks in Afghanistan, lawmakers in the country have said."" ""The US revision of Afghan war strategy has essentially unveiled a new weapon – increased aerial attacks to crush militants’ might on the ground."" ""This fall, in spite of relatively mild weather, the country has witnessed far fewer terror activities and attacks by the Taliban-led insurgents in various areas despite a fractured political setup."" ""The Afghan legislators say the drop in attacks by militants, including affiliates of Daesh, has been because of the escalation in military operations, especially US aerial attacks, since Trump announced his new strategy for America’s longest and growingly unpopular war."" So let me get this straight: A community organizer was not the best person to decide military strategy? British former Foreign Secretary David Miliband is cut from the same cloth as Obama. His solution for Yemen is total surrender. ""Miliband suggested three steps he considered necessary: Ending the coalition’s siege of the ports; a cease-fire, even if one-sided, i.e. by the coalition, since the Houthis would reject it; and starting a peaceful solution."" Abdulrahman Al-Rashed makes a point that Miliband will NEVER accept: ""The Houthis are not a rebel group that wants to defeat its adversaries and gain control of the government, as is the case in other conflicts."" ""Rather, the Houthi militia is an armed religious extremist group, just like Al-Qaeda."" ""Negotiations with the Houthis failed because it is an expansionist group that wants to impose its religious views, considers jihad as an end in itself, and believes in fighting outside Yemen as well."" Through their mouthful of leaves, the Houthis shout, ""Death to America, death to Israel, a curse on the Jews."" So OF COURSE the solution is to surrender to them? What could go wrong? Miliband says surrender is the only option, because Yemeni civilians are paying the price of the war. Of course Miliband ignores the WORSE price Yemeni civilians will pay under a Houthi dictatorship. The western world was allowed to make itself childish and deeply unserious after World War II. How did it happen? The US paid all the bills. The Saudi intervention in Yemen began on March 26, 2015. The ""threat of famine"" has been chanted daily since then. WHERE IS THE FAMINE? WHERE ARE THE PEOPLE WHO DIED FROM CHOLERA? Let's watch a video. The damage was done by a truck bomb, NOT an air strike. The pock marks in the building and the shearing-off of the wall show that an external blast wave caused the damage. And here's the truck bomb crater. It's identical to THIS truck-bomb crater in Afghanistan. If the Houthis are rewarded with victory, will they disarm? Or will they GET EVEN MORE AGGRESSIVE? Virtually all of the carnage and suffering coming out of Yemen is the direct result of HOUTHI ACTIONS. Remember the ""100,000"" Iraqi soldiers killed in Desert Storm? The number is ACTUALLY around 30,000. My guess is that true figure is even lower. And it'll be the same for Yemen. When it comes to Saudi Arabia and Yemen, the world is insane. Mohammed bin Salman has been 32 years old for ALMOST FOUR YEARS NOW. Nobody is USING THEIR BRAINS. There IS a military solution to Yemen. But Arab nations must impose it. We can only HELP. Things are headed in the right direction..."
" Mattis did what I'd always hoped. ""Mattis revealed that the military used a deconfliction line with Russia to make sure that forces with which they were engaged in conflict were not part of the Russian military."" ""Once the military received confirmation from Russia, Mattis ordered U.S. military forces to destroy the Russian mercenaries, The Washington Free Beacon reported."" The reality is that the Russians WERE part of the Russian military. ""Sources described the Russian fighters as contractors or mercenaries, hired by a private company, rather than regular troops."" ""But despite their unofficial status, according to these accounts, they operate in coordination with the Russian military and are given privileges back home normally available only to serving soldiers."" Mattis knew this. He called the Russians. ""Oh, those aren't OUR guys!"" ""Okay, thanks."" Then the assault battalion was wiped out. It suffered 100 percent casualties. When the Russians bitched, we said, ""But you told us that they weren't your guys."" And that made the Russians sputter impotently. The Mexicans used to send army incursions into the US. ""Those aren't OUR guys!"" they said. I always hoped that one day we'd blow the absolute hell out of a Mexican army incursion. And if the Mexicans bitched, we'd say, ""But you told us they weren't your guys."" Mattis used the Russians' own strategy against them. And there isn't a thing Putin can do about it..."
" ""I still have faith in Trump!"" Despite? ""Despite his successes, of course!"" If I live to be 40 billion years old, I'll never comprehend the mindset of the faithless Trump ""supporter."" You want him to be OBAMA. Don't you see that? You want Trump to do everything by executive order, TODAY. Guess what happens when the president does that? The NEXT president signs HIS executives orders, and the process repeats itself, forever. If you climb down into the sewer, what are going to find? Correct! Sewage! If you read nothing but sewage-mongers, what are they going to tell you? Correct! That we are DOOMED. That's what you want. You want a dictator, and you want to be doomed. You are malfunctioning. Someone puts a flower on your head, and this is what happens to you. But it's just a flower. It's just a flower. You're malfunctioning over a flower. Get a grip. You're becoming perilously similar to the people who hate Trump..."
" That six-man squad would use ""fire and maneuver"": One machine gunner and a rifleman fire, forcing the enemy to keep his head down. The others run forward, lie down, and fire, covering the advance of the men behind. They leapfrog each other in fire teams of three until they're close enough to blow the hell out of the enemy with the rockets and rifle grenades. Hezbollah wouldn't stand a chance. Have you ever seen a harder-faced group of young men? They were trained to peak skill in the new arts. Now they're ready to take back their country..."
" I downloaded an Islamic State video. It shows a moronic American praising their crappy homemade weapons. Look how he's holding his carbine. ""Allah the mighty and sublime has faculated [sic] for the soldiers of the Islamic state to produce weapons with which they can fight..."" ""The enemies of Allah."" ""There are several different types, including thermo-mobaric [sic] projectiles."" I had the setting on ""Private,"" so nobody could see. YouTube deleted the video and gave me a strike. If the community can't SEE the video, how did I violate the community standards?"
" Dar al-Amn or Dar al-Aman is a concept formulated centuries ago but never really applied. Islam is a very flexible belief system. The Koran is said to have been dictated to Mohammed. The Hadiths are reports describing the words, actions, or habits of Mohammed. Then you have fatwas, rulings on Islamic law given by clerics. NONE of this is universally accepted by ANY group of Muslims. Even aspects of the Koran are disputed. So it's actually EASIER for Muslims to change their interpretations of Islam than it is for other religions. The Saudi crown prince said on October 24 that his country will coexist with other religions. Saudi Arabia announced the building of new cities that will choose for themselves how to interpret Islam. I predict that the cities will have churches and synagogues."
" I was going to sign off, but look at THIS. ""More than 200 contract soldiers, mostly Russians fighting on behalf of Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad, died in a failed attack on a base held by U.S. and mainly Kurdish forces in the oil-rich Deir Ezzor region, two of the Russians said."" MORE than 200 Russians. Wow. Here's how the Russians work it: Soldiers are FORCED to serve in Syria, but they're ""hired"" as mercenaries by the Syrian government. Putin has lost a TON of men in Syria. This is from November 3, 2016. After invading the Crimea, Putin made it illegal to publish news about Russian military casualties. This is because half the men serving in Crimea and the Ukraine have been killed. George W. Bush said that arguing with Putin was like arguing with an eighth grader. I had the same experience with my former friend, a full colonel in the Russian army. I was friend with Mikhail for seven years. He threw it all out the window, even though I begged him repeatedly to stop. ""You're an amazing man,"" I told him. ""Your sense of humor and your skill as a photographer are things I cherish. Why are you trying to destroy our friendship?"" ""I'm not trying to destroy our friendship! YOU are! You're a Russophobe! Are you a secret Jew?"" So I had to end it. Regretfully. My guess is we killed far MORE than 200 Russians. We're letting Putin save face. The US said that they did not engage forces that stayed outside the deconfliction zone. So I think we wiped out the entire attacking force. All 500 men. Remember this? ""The Highway of Death"" in Kuwait? Well, we hit the Russians with MULTIPLE AC-130 gunships. Also Apache gunships, armed drones, and fixed-wing multirole fighters. Every jet in the area was used. ALSO artillery fired by the US Marines. So I think the entire unit was destroyed. The Russians have NEVER learned how to use tanks. They do THIS. The ""Russian steamroller."" As a layman, you're thinking THIS: ""Man, that's a GIGANTIC TARGET."" Exactly. When the entire earth is covered with tanks, you can't miss when you fire at them. The new warfare is the ""combined arms micro teams"" I talk about. Each micro team is autonomous. The Russians have a CENTRALIZED army. All those men in the tanks are waiting for orders. They're sitting ducks. This was inevitable. Everyone knew that Putin would test Trump. So Mattis made sure that there would be only ONE test. I'm positive that we wiped out the entire force. The Russians are delusional. That means they can't be reached through rational discussion. I'm sure they thought that our troops would simply surrender. Now they know..."
" A leftist on Twitter changed my mind completely. I now understand that leftism has reached a level of pathology that's actually threatening our lives. This guy who has been pursuing me is the perfect exemplar of the leftist mindset. He plows ahead with his agenda, regardless of the damage he does to his own cause. When Obama was running for president, he said that he had to raise the tax on capital gains as a matter of ""fairness."" At the time, he admitted that it would tank the economy. For people who may not be clear on all this, the tax on capital gains (investments) is traditionally lower than ordinary income tax for ONE REASON ONLY: Investing is RISKY. Being paid a salary entails no risk. We need investors to put their capital into companies so that the companies can grow and hire more workers. Traditionally, you REWARD investors for taking a risk. You do so by giving them a lower tax rate on capital gains. Obama raised the tax rate on capital gains, and GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? Investors decided to not take the risk. Ads a result, the average worker suffered, because capital was not being put into companies. But Obama plowed ahead, despite the failure of his ideology. It's because leftism has become a PATHOLOGY. I have a guy telling me that opposing mob action is IRRATIONAL, and I'm POLLUTING the world of ideas by defending people even though I don't agree with their politics. This is straight Stalinism. Right out of the bottle, 100 hundred proof. The guy pursuing me has changed my mind. NOW I want the book thrown at Obama and everyone in his administration. I notice that is silent. Although I like him, I want him in jail IF HE BROKE THE LAW. The only way to stop this pathology is to show the pathological no mercy at all. So thank you, Insane Twitter Leftist, for clarifying things. Your depravity made me realize the danger you pose to those of us who disagree with you. When people tell you in plain language that they view morality as POLLUTION, and when they are oblivious to the damage they're doing even to themselves in their pursuit of political goals, it changes everything. Therefore I want as many charges as possible filed. Charging Obama can't do any more damage to the country than he and his pathology have already done. Let's end this era of sickness..."
" AHA! I was right. Armed Hamas terrorists in the crowd. By the way, look at all these poor refugees who have nothing--except for designer clothes, cell phones, and fatty foods. DAMN those are fat refugees! This bullshit is Iran ordering Hamas to stir up trouble. Another sign that the mullahs know what's coming. This time it's different. It's a new Israel and a new Middle East. The Palestinians say they're going to charge the border every day for the next six weeks. Fine. Whatever. They're going to need backhoes to dig all the graves..."
" These are amazing comments. These two analysts view Iran as existing completely in a vacuum, entirely cut off from the region. AND, these two analysts see the Arab world as nothing more than a desert populated by lazy princes and peasants. Why are people incapable of comprehending that the Arab world has been carrying out massive covert military operations since 2012? Also, why are people incapable of accepting that Arabs and Persians, Shia and Sunni, can peacefully coexist? There's this idea that regime change is IMPOSSIBLE. Why think that? I don't get it. If the Iranians accept help, then regime change can happen relatively easily. From June of 2014 to September of 2015, the Iraqis had a TERRIBLE time fighting the Islamic State. Iraqi commanders said it was all a disaster. There was no strategy, the militias refused to follow orders, and the men weren't trained, because Obama had micromanaged the effort into total failure. The Iraqis announced a pause in all operations, and when they started up again in October of 2015, they won nonstop until the totally defeated the Islamic State. It's clear that the Iraqis accepted covert help. In their military operations, the assault troops were never filmed. By the end of the war, Iraqis were doing all the fighting. What happened was that foreign Arab commandos were attached to Iraqi units and fought as Iraqis. Meanwhile, Iraqis were trained all over the Middle East and in the US. They gradually replaced the foreign commandos until the Iraqi armed forces were 100 percent Iraqi again. This was an amazing idea that had never before been done. But it WAS done. The proof is that the Iraqis went from disorganized to invincible in two weeks. They HAD to have accepted covert help. Why wouldn't the Iranians accept covert help, especially if there were no strings attached, and it never became public? It's a new world. Anything can happen in a new world..."
" How the BBC lies AND misses the most important parts of their stories. ""This is a war of annihilation, says the United States."" That's a lie. James Mattis said that we are going to use TACTICS that annihilate ISLAMIC STATE TERRORISTS. Raqqa. Another lie. The BBC wants you to think that the US did that. A flat-out falsehood. Raqqa fell to the al-Nusra Front on March 6, 2013. The Syrian Arab Army and Air Force pounded the crap out of the city. Then the Islamic State moved in. From March to November of 2013, terrorists fought each other in the city. The Syrian Arab Army and Air Force bombarded the city the entire time. The Islamic State took full control in November of 2013. Then other rebel groups took back control in January of 2014. Then the Islamic State took back control of Raqqa and fought the Syrian Arab Army until August of 2014. Raqqa was bombarded and fought over for more than a year. Neither side observed the Geneva Conventions. ""Hundreds of those who call Raqqa home have been killed by Coalition bombs."" No evidence of that. None whatsoever. We're using munitions designed for urban combat. This is a fuel-air explosive. It knocked down the building without spraying razor-sharp fragments. The British reporter was fooled in too many ways to count. Here's how brilliant Trump and the Saudis are: In February of 2017, International Armored Group (IAG) Guardian Armored Personnel Carriers (APCs) began appearing in Syria. They went to the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF). We all got used to the sight of Guardians in Syria. Here's a Guardian in the BBC report. See anything different about it? Well, it's sand colored, and it has a Picatinny Arsenal Objective Gunner Protection Kit (OGPK). It's an Arab League or allied special-forces vehicle. Not SDF. These women are Arab commandos. Another one. They're all over Yemen, Syria, and Iraq. Something else the BBC reporter missed. A box-shaped bug? Nope. A little HELPER. Raqqa is being taken back by two kinds of soldier: Assault troops and those who hold the ground taken. The assault troops smash forward with the heaviest firepower on earth, bypassing strong points. When the assault troops stop, the regular fighters come in and hold that furthest point. Then the assault troops go back and kill everyone they had originally bypassed. You can hear the assault troops in this video. They're never filmed. ""All right, man. Time to make yourself useful. Cover some area. Maybe here. Just stay there. If something moves, shoot it. Here. Stay."" ""I'm too nervous, man!"" Urban combat is incredibly dangerous. Both the assault troops will provide the devastating force needed. Some soldiers surround the city, some hold the ground taken, and the rest go in and kill terrorists. Not civilians. Terrorists. The BBC needs better, more honest reporters. But that's like saying, ""The Democrats need sane politicians."" Now YOU know things that the BBC doesn't. Don't you feel better?"
" Because Trump had no widely known history of harassment, while EVERYONE knew that Weinstein did. Because none of the women's stories stood up to scrutiny. Because there was no documentary evidence of Trump harassing, while we have an ACTUAL AUDIO TAPE of Weinstein doing it. Because the timing of the accusations against Trump was clearly politically motivated. Because no dam broke, and no tsunami of men and women came forward to support the accusers. Because Trump steadfastly denied the allegations and didn't go into therapy or hiding, and he didn't begin acting insane. Because as time went on, the stories became more and more over the top, to the point of parody. Because it became clear that lawyers were knowingly representing liars. All harassment claims are not created equal. You are actually doing great damage to your political side. EVEN NOW, you're trying to hang things on Trump. EVEN NOW, you're using women as political props. The subject should be Harvey Weinstein and the culture of rape in Hollywood. By trying to politicize this EVEN NOW, you show that your party is headed for catastrophe. Believe me: Unless you STOP exploiting all suffering, you're going to be EXTERMINATED politically."
" --former senior national security correspondent for The Daily Beast and Newsweek--shows how out of touch leftists are. Give up and focus on deterrence. That's what leftists have ALWAYS said. ""Just deter them."" ""In 2017, though, Haley's warnings and the cruder ones from her boss, President Donald Trump, are disconnected from reality."" See, Lake will NEVER ACCEPT THE TRUTH. Haley and Trump aren't just blowing hot gas. They know things that Lake doesn't. The truth is not only out there, IT'S RIGHT IN OUR FACES. ""Kinetic options""? What is Mattis talking about? THIS. Kinetic bombardment. There's video of this weapon in use. A ground-based version also exists. Both leave a trail of superheated air. AND our allies are capable of mass infiltration into any country in the world. THESE GUYS all disappeared after months of training. They're killing terrorists all over the world. Jorge ""Saddam"" Rafaat Toumani was known as the King of the Frontiers. Hezbollah's main South American financier. Rafaat Toumani was protected by the governments, police, and armed forces of Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay. He had his own drug and weapon-running airline. Fighter jets escorted his aircraft. At airports in Brazil, Argentina, and Paraguay, his jets had their own private areas. This guy was UNTOUCHABLE. Until he was killed. On June 15, 2016, Rafaat Toumani was ambushed in the Paraguayan town of Pedro Juan Caballero. No gore. He was traveling in a seven-vehicle convoy, with 47 bodyguards. The ambush took exactly 30 seconds. The men who killed him infiltrated into Paraguay, located the most heavily guarded man on the continent, killed him, left scapegoats, and escaped. The official story is that competing narco-terrorists killed Rafaat Toumani with a .50-caliber machine gun mounted in a car. Not a chance. Rafaat Toumani was driving this SUV. Look at the grouping of the nine rounds that hit him. The convoy was ALSO hit from behind by high-explosive incendiary armor-piercing (HEIAP) rounds. Watch the white pillar. More HEIAP rounds. There were gunman EVERYWHERE. Nearly all of Rafaat Toumani's men were killed. The photos show they all died from head shots or shot to the heart. There's one piece of audio of the aftermath. There are more videos of Hezbollah-linked South American drug dealers being killed by the most skilled gunmen I've ever seen. They're never caught, and they kill the target regardless of how protected he is. They also use small-caliber pistols with low-velocity ammunition. These hits take about 30 seconds. It's a new world. The old, failed ways of doing things must be abandoned by everybody. Trump knows that the notion of deterring North Korea is dead on arrival. We and our allies will be PROACTIVE and solve the problem once and for all, WITHOUT a giant war. It's already happening..."
" shows that there IS life in the music industry after all. Videos are for young people. I'm 55, so I listen to the vocals and music. Timberlake is doing really adventurous stuff here, vocally. It reminds me of Tim Buckley and his son Jeff Buckley. The problem with so much of today's pop music is that the vocals are processed into an audio version of computer-generated imagery (CGI). People don't have to actually sing anymore. Timberlake is not only SINGING, he's messing around with the vocals in a way that shows he's putting his heart into it. This is actually a SONG. It's a throwback. I like it! A LOT. Excellent job, Mr. Timberlake. You've made new fans in me and my 58-year-old brother, a vocalist. Just terrific..."
" People are drunk and belligerent, so it's time for me to bail. But a thread for . Old postcards. I have WAY too many for me to choose favorites, but here are three that I like a lot. All from World War I. That's what I collect. German field hospital. Men from several units from all over the empire. And...surprise! 6th Infantry Regiment. I can find no record of Asians serving in the German army in World War I. Black men, yes. Asians, no. The 6th Infantry Regiment was from Thuringia, in eastern central Germany. Not a port city. No idea who that guy was. Hold that thought... Flamethrower squad at Verdun, July of 1916. They're returning from battle. Hey! Look who it is! I bought the postcards together. They were in a lot from Thuringia, so it has to be the same guy. Though Asian, he's quite tall. Also, you had to be very strong to be a flamethrower sapper. Still no information. Unless he had a German name, he survived the war. I have the regimental death book, which lists all the names of the fallen. So who was this guy? If he was of mixed heritage, it's more likely that his father was German. But he looks VERY Asian, doesn't he? There's one very interesting possibility: The Siamese royal family sent their princes to Europe to fight in World War I. The flamethrower regiment recruited from all units in the empire. Our guy could be a Siamese prince! He really doesn't look to be mixed heritage, does he? So those two cards are among my favorite, as is this one. He's an American who's removed all unit and rank insignia. That means he's in France at the front. So the little girl is French. What a face she has. To me, the soldier looks pained. He looks like he's barely holding it together. Is this a goodbye or a welcome back? Judging by the little girl's face, I think he came back safely from battle, and he's visiting a family he got to know. The uniform shows that it's very near the end of the war, so I hope this was the last welcome back. I could look at these faces for hours. He's wearing trench rings, so that means he fought and killed. See how he's reluctant to fully hold her hand? He feels bad, in the presence of this little girl. But maybe he stayed in France. Maybe he healed. As you said, these people have achieved immortality..."
" The conventional wisdom. ""North Korea has tens of thousands of artillery guns and short-range missiles at the military demarcation line..."" ""And the North's officers are trained to open fire on the South in response to any bombing or a U.S. military strike."" But what if the weapons don't work? In the old days, THIS was an artillery piece. North Korea uses artillery pieces and missile launchers that have ""fire-control systems."" ""A fire-control system is a number of components working together, usually a gun data computer, a director, and radar."" These are images from a North Korean video showing what they'll do if we strike. There are lots of problems with this imagery. Here's the target. That's computer-generated imagery (CGI). Look at the creamy brown arms of the explosion. Compare REAL artillery strikes with the CGI one. This is said to show a Nork artillery salvo hitting an island. I don't buy it. More CGI. None of this looks real to me. Circumstantial evidence shows that the North Koreans are afraid. Why would North Korea ask for help it it had a Sword of Damocles hanging over South Korea? Kim Jong-un's father showed no hesitation when it came to attacking South Korea. The wars in the Middle East have revealed something that only I have noticed. And now YOU will know about it. Massively fortified positions were abandoned and captured without a fight. In World War I, World War II, and the Vietnam War, tunnel warfare was the worst kind of fight a soldier could endure. Our Arab allies and Israel appear to have solved the problem. Somehow they drove the enemy form his tunnels and fortified positions. This is the only image I've found of an Arab ""tunnel rat."" He has the shortest carbine I've ever seen. It has a grenade launcher under the barrel, and the forward grip is a box. It's a carbine modified for use in tunnel warfare. Look everywhere. The only place you'll find the weapon is in that man's hands. But the Islamic State abandoned all its fortified positions without a fight. Thousands of men should've died in the tunnels. Therefore our allies have a way to make the enemy flee. It must be harmful, because it wasn't used when the enemy had human shields. I reject the conventional wisdom. I believe that the US and our allies can neutralize the North Korean artillery threat. How? Through electronic warfare, the use of electromagnetic pulses, and a weapon that causes humans to flee. It's a new world. We owe our thanks to our allies: Israel and the Gulf Cooperation Council."
" Here's a word that leftists should learn but never will: Overreach. When it was just one very pale man kneeling, Americans put up with it. So Trump decided that leftists needed to be taught a lesson. He goaded the entire NFL into imitating the very pale man. So the country said, ""Okay. Bye-bye, NFL."" GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? The kneeling is going to stop. Team after team is announcing that they'll all be standing. flopped. Overreach. Actors got into it. Washed-up actors forced their kids at gunpoint to keel. It was just too insane. This guy isn't even registered to vote. He's a fraud. And he also blathered the truth. We just had a black president for eight years. He won decisively. We're not a racist country. Kaepernick is doing this for attention. Overreach, Trump just showed leftists what he can do them. Any. Time. He. Wants. The political left is doing this to itself. For real. Elizabeth Warren is helping Trump save the country. The Democratic nominee in 2020 will be a straight-up Stalinist. Here's what Democrats believe. And I'm dead serious: Democrats believe that Americans are socialist, and they reject the Democratic party because it's too conservative. How many votes did Jill Stein get in 2016? One percent. But leftists will ALWAYS say that it's because __________ wasn't leftist ENOUGH. The same people say that REAL communism has never been tried, so it can't be called a failure. To the Silicon Valley oligarchs, Elizabeth Warren is the voice of sanity. So GET OUT OF THEIR WAY. The Democrats in 2020. See, the DRIVER thinks everything is fine. Does that MAKE everything fine? Or is he completely insane? Overreach. It goes together with leftism like peanut butter goes with strawberry jam. YUM! "
" ""Mislead."" Verb. ""To lead in a wrong direction or into a mistaken action or belief, often by deliberate deceit."" Trump, Jack Nicholson, and Warren Beatty in Tehran! No. They're at Trump Plaza. The Nicaraguan police murdered journalist Ángel Gahona. No. Professional criminals murdered him for filming them. The term ""sleepy eyes"" is how Nazis described ""Jewish eyes."" No. The Nazis said Jews' eyes were ""wary and piercing."" Trump's use of the term ""Sleepy Eyes"" is based on Japanese cinema. Trump is a film fanatic. ""Thomas Wictor blocks people for disagreeing."" No. Ask and . We've had VERY HEATED disagreements offline, having to do with things I've said that impact people who they know personally. And they let me know that they were NOT happy. Have I blocked them? Here's what will get you blocked: Number one is belligerence. Number two is smartassery when we're talking about important things. When I spent the day researching, and I'm trying to write, I'll block you if you decide that it's time for you to try out your new standup routine on me. Number three is deliberate obliviousness. Number four is condescension. Number five is questions asked in bad faith. Number six is insanity. Number seven is spamming me. And number eight is tediousness. I don't automatically block people suffering from Trump-hate. Only repeat offenders. Oh, and Jew-hate is an instablock. I put up with enough of that in 2014. No more. Anything else? My mood, I guess. Sometimes it's just easier to do this. Tons of people will mislead you. I won't. For one thing, I don't CARE enough to lie. But the main reason I won't mislead you is that I value your well-being. Nothing's worse than realizing that someone has lied their ass off to you. I don't want to make you feel horrible about yourself. So I'll always tell you what I believe to be the truth. I may be WRONG, but I won't be dishonest..."
" This typical of a partisan maniac who actually doesn't care about the alleged victims. Just someone piling on. If Moore were guilty, he would NOT BE a pedophile. An adult attracted to pubescent young people is a hebephile (11 to 14 years of age) or an ephebophile (15 to 19 years of age). The question ""Why would they lie?"" is not relevant. We're not required to psychoanalyze the accusers. In their own minds, SOME MAY NOT BE LYING. But of course accusers lie about ALL CRIMES, all the time. No accuser of any crime is entitled to automatic belief. What WE have to do is decide whether or not we BELIEVE the accusations, since there's no evidence for them. After researching Roy Moore for several days, including reading articles on , I was convinced that the accusations are false. BEFORE I researched the judge, I had no opinion one way or the other. But. It immediately struck me that I'd never heard even a hint of ANYTHING along these lines. Here's what convinced me that Roy Moore is innocent: One: In forty years of a VERY controversial career, nobody had ever made these charges, even when doing so would have damaged Moore far than it does today. Two: I quickly learned that Roy Moore is a man of superhuman discipline and self-control, not compulsive in any way. Three: Roy Moore spent long periods in solitude. A compulsive sexual predator is not able to do so. Four: Those oriented toward pubescent young people are not able to change. The most recent accusation dates from 1991. Therefore, nothing for 26 years. While I was researching Moore, the accuser with the yearbook held her press conference. It's clear that the writing is a forgery. Two different people using tow different inks wrote in the book. The most outlandish accusation comes from a woman with multiple convictions for fraud. Her account was VERY strange. Then I realized why she was so emphatic. The people behind the organized political hit job on Roy Moore have set several traps: ""Prove that the women are lying."" ""Why would they lie?"" We're not required to prove the truth of the accusations. I assume the accusations matter, right? Well, then we're required to believe or disbelieve. That's all. And we're not required to get inside the heads of the accusers. The third trap is the most vile. We're supposed to COMPLETELY IGNORE the welfare of the accused. That's what Sean Hannity did in his interview. In a sense, it was scripted by Democrats. These accusations would be DEVASTATING to a grandfather and father, a deeply religious man who once said, ""I won't fight unfairly."" Our society has titled VERY FAR in the direction of ignoring the welfare of the accused. We're told that accusers face terrible consequences. Maybe years ago. NOT TODAY. In the past, I always let these situations sort themselves out. This time, because of the nightmarish piling on and the near-universal assumption of guilt, I had to find and tell the other side of the story. Strangely, after I decided that Roy Moore is innocent, I haven't felt unsure for even a second. I know people were-are waiting for that death blow that would prove once and for all that Roy Moore is guilty. I never had that fear. Nobody ASKED me to talk about this, so if that death blow came, it would come. That's all. I would've been wrong. The world would not have ended. But I'm not worried. I believe Roy Moore to be innocent. He'll make a fine senator."
" makes a point. Imagine being called a traitor because you embrace improvement. addressed this in his song ""Ye vs The People."" Is it better if I rap about crack? Huh? 'Cause it's cultural? Or how about I'ma shoot you? Or f*ck your bitch? Or how about all this Gucci, 'cause I'm f*ckin' rich? I'll never forget the day I turned off NPR forever. National Public Radio. I was living in San Francisco, working for a document retrieval service. Every morning I was given a list of legal documents that I had to find and copy. I had a portable copier that put everything on film. This was 1992, in the pre-scanner days. I was listening to NPR in my car. Most of my day was spent driving. They had one of their ""art and culture"" reporters talking about some brilliant new hip-hop song. The guy was raving--in a quiet, beta-male way, of course. They played the song, and there was a lyric about knocking down a woman, turning her over, pulling down her pants, and ""giving it to her in the butt."" So here's this white leftist praising RAPE, because black guys were saying it. So I turned off NPR and never listened to it again. That was 1992. Things got FAR WORSE, in terms of the cultural demand that black people be disasters. We had to PRAISE teenage pregnancy. We had to PRAISE athletes who had children with ten different women. And we had to PRAISE sewage masquerading as music and film. I worked in Hollywood for ten years. All those fine leftists tell nothing but black jokes, gay jokes, and Jew jokes. But they don't use those words. The only show on TV now that is totally colorblind is Tyler Perry's ""The Haves and Have Nots."" It's a completely SUBVERSIVE series. Rich black people and rich white people behaving badly. And race isn't a factor. I've had ONE discussion about race with black Americans. It was in Tokyo, in 1986. Two fellow teachers were black women. One was reading Ebony magazine. The model on the cover looked totally white. I'd known those women for a year. I said, ""It's pretty funny that Ebony magazine would use a model who looks totally white."" And that was the end our friendship. They said I was a racist. We argued about it for an hour. They accused me of thinking that black people had to look like the cartoons from the 1930s. It was demented. The woman on the cover of Ebony looked like Jennifer Beals. My point was that Ebony was supposed to be about black pride, but the woman looked totally white. Saying that made me a racist. So that was the last time I discussed race with a black American. But since 1986, I've watched as black Americans had the chains tightened on them. The whole thing was just too problematic for me to involve myself. Then we started having white people pretend they were black. Madness. So I'm glad that all of this is being demolished FINALLY. My leftist brother told me that race is the most important thing about a person. Well, one of my best friends in Tokyo was a bouncer at a club. He was black. I knew him for a year before he told me he was from Zaire. I thought he was American. When I told him I thought he was American, he almost started crying. ""My goal is to BE an American,"" he said. ""I've practiced my English for so long. It's great to know that I fooled you!"" He eventually got Green Card and came here. I'm sure he did fine. We never once talked about race. Black immigrants to the US can't understand the fatalism and negativity of native-born American blacks. Every black immigrant I've known was a success. If anyone can break the chains, it's Trump. My guess is it'll happen. FINALLY..."
" This is called ""accountability journalism,"" invented by Ron Fournier, Washington Bureau Chief of the Associated Press. A very happy man. Accountability journalism requires that all evildoers be held accountable. Fournier said it wasn't enough to tell you who, what, where, why, and how. Journalists must tell you whose fault it is. As Fournier says, accountability journalism REQUIRES bias. But it's okay, because journalists are demigods who are gifted with DISPASSIONATE bias. They see everything in its true light. The AP vigorously defends accountability journalism. AP Senior Vice President and Executive Editor Kathleen Carroll. ""How are you going to stop it? Or start it? Answering those HOW questions, and all the others that follow, are where journalists prove their greatest value to society."" So, journalists are now OPENLY STATING that they're in the business of starting or stopping things. Stopping Trump. It doesn't matter that these people are cretins who don't actually KNOW anything. Their hearts are in the right place. Feelings are good, and other lies. "
" asks a question. A little background: King Salman took the throne in 2015, after his brother Abdullah died. Here's King Abdullah. Salman is an open reformer. It turns out that Abdullah was a SECRET reformer who made all these changes possible. Saudi Arabia adopted ultra-conservative Islam in 1979, after an uprising of radical who almost overthrew the House of Saud. The Saudi security forces were simply unable to fight off the threat, so kingdom appeared to give in. BUT. Salman was the governor of Riyadh from 1963. It's clear now that he and his brother and others worked for decades on how to free Saudi Arabia. The final crisis that made reform absolutely necessary was the war with al-Qaeda in 2003. Again, the House of Saud came close to falling. Saudi Arabia is an absolute monarchy. What the king says, goes. But Abdullah and Salman did something no other absolutist rulers did in human history. Saudi Arabia has three armed forces: the military (Ministry of Defense), the Internal Security (Ministry of the Interior), and the Saudi Arabian National Guard (Ministry of the SANG). The SANG existed to prevent coups. It was kept separate from the the military and the internal security. Abdullah and Salman combined all three. So, for the first time in human history, absolutist rulers GAVE UP THEIR OWN SECURITY for the good of the country. The House of Saud could be overthrown at any time. But it won't be. Abdullah and Salman embarked on a crash training program for all their troops. Schools of every form of unconventional warfare were built. And all troops are trained in counter-terrorism. Abdullah and Salman realized an axiom that almost nobody knows: The better the troops, the more HUMANE they are. When you can kill anybody, easily, it makes you see how fragile human life is. American troops call themselves ""sheepdogs."" Muslims aren't fans of dogs, so I'll call Saudi troops ""guardians."" The goal of Abdullah and Salman was to return Saudi Arabia to the way it was before 1979. But they needed the muscle to do it. They got it, in the form of spectacular and HUMANE guardians. Turkey and Iran had secularism FORCED on them. The population had their religion stolen. So it was guaranteed that someday the people would reclaim their religion and take it much further than it had been before. They became Islamist. Political Islam. The Saudis are avoiding that trap by not imposing anything. They're leaving it up to individuals. New cities will be built on the coast. Those cities will choose their own religious laws. So the people who don't want what they think is ""loose morals"" won't even have to SEE it. AND the people who choose to remain conservative won't be vilified or forced to change. It's a brilliant solution to everything. So Abdullah and Salman are reformers. Mohammed bin Salman (MbS) is a revolutionary. He has no antecedent. He's also completely inexplicable. MbS began attending cabinet meetings when he was 12 YEARS OLD. The word ""genius"" doesn't even apply. MbS has a personal hatred of corruption. He went on mass firing sprees, replacing entire ministries with young technocrats--people with no political ambitions. Salman is eighty years old, and he's stooped. He appears to have osteoarthritis. Like me! He's done great work, but maybe he's had enough. When MbS becomes king, the sky will be the limit. Like Trump, MbS uses his great power to help what Trump calls ""the invisible man."" Arabs are a huge family. They are a great people who have had more than their share of misfortune, both self-imposed and imposed by outsiders. MbS wants ALL Middle Easterners to stand on their own feet. Part of it is pragmatism: The GCC needs to get off of oil. But I now think that what motivates MbS is a love of improvement. He's a problem solver. Others' happiness makes him happy. The Saudis don't want empire. But they WILL defend the region. My guess is that the GCC will build a blue-water navy with carrier strike groups. At that point, Arabs become members of a global superpower. And THAT will prevent the problems that sprung up before. This is the Reformation, but it's not being done the way westerners did it. We talk too much. Blah-blah-blah-blah. Words mean more to us now than actions. Arab culture is famous for its wordiness, but it's actually strategic deception. To ME, words don't matter. All I care about are actions. I knew by July of 2015 that all of this would happen. The Saudis had already PROVEN themselves to me. BEFORE July of 2015, I thought the Middle East would be a mess forever. AFTER July of 2015, I knew that all would be well. Saudi ACTIONS proved it to me..."
" This is amazing. NOBODY UNDERSTANDS THE NEW REALITY. The entire piece about what the US faces. Turkey is going to ""muscle us out"" of the Middle East. You can see the problem with this thesis, right? It assumes that ARAB NATIONS have no say in the matter. The US is playing this very intelligently. ""Mattis defended Turkey, calling it a trusted NATO ally with 'legitimate security concerns' about Syria."" You know what that is? Carte blanche. For our ARAB ALLIES to inflict massive casualties on the Turks until they go home. It has to be done. Erdogan says that he's going to send his troop everywhere the US supports the locals. The Turks call this military invasion ""Operation Olive Branch."" In the book 1984, the Ministry of Love is the state security apparatus, which includes the torture center Room 101. The Turks sent off their troops with bands dressed in uniforms of the OTTOMAN EMPIRE. And another. This is pure insanity. So the Turks will pay a heavy price. Is this true? I don't know. But Hezbollah says that the Turks have been stopped in their tracks. Let's think about this for a moment: The Ottoman Empire oppressed ALL Arabs in the region. Lebanon says Hezbollah can stay if it disarms. The Saudis are calling only for Hezbollah's disarming. It's very likely that Hezbollah would be given accurate intelligence on the situation on the ground, IF THAT INTELLIGENCE came from Arabs. The US is TOTALLY staying out this. This action by Turkey threatens EVERYTHING we've built in Syria since 2014. AND we're making sure to not rile up the Turks. What does that tell you? It tells ME that the situation is well in hand. The Turks had their butts handed to them in 2016, losing a huge number of Leopard 2 main battle tanks, their most modern weapon. The people who did that never took credit for it. And the Turks LIED. But they retreated. So the same thing will happen now. ""Trump's first war""? Not by a long shot. Trump is too smart to make the Turks even crazier. They'll be quietly defeated. Again. People sneer at the idea of invisible strategic commandos, but those who sneer are totally unable to explain entire fields of wrecked Turkish tanks. I can explain them: ARABS. Today's Arab soldiers have no need to go public with their victories. So that means they'll just keep on winning..."
" The terrorists had ""suicide shock troops."" They wore blue. ""Inghemasiyoun,” Arabic for “those who immerse themselves.” One video showed about fifty terrorists burned up but with intact heads and legs. There's never any burn damage to the surrounding areas. Ever heard of ""spontaneous human combustion""? In every alleged case, the surrounding area is untouched. The new flamethrower causes spontaneous human combustion. Well, spontaneous FORMER human combustion..."
" is talking about me. People have lost the ability to engage in critical thinking. I blame TV. The Nunes memo served its purpose. Once again, the Democrats are shouting that Mueller's investigation must continue, and everything he uncovers must be accepted as fact. The Democrats are being manipulated from all sides. had a brilliant observation that I completely missed. I've felt for a long time that Comey is trolling. SOMEONE spilled the beans on the FBI. That person had access to EVERYTHING. I heard Sessions today say that he's going address all the issues plaguing the Justice Department. He also did this. Now, we here on the outside know NOTHING. So we would be smart to not have definitive opinions on anything. Or anybody. Here's what I CAN say for absolute certain: Trump WITHOUT A DOUBT manipulated the Democrats and the press into unconditional support of Robert Mueller. And now it APPEARS that he's doing it with Rosenstein. As I said, I delegated politics to Trump. That means I trust him to do his job. Let's ask a question: How the hell did Trump manage to get the Nunes memo out, considering that the entire Deep State had banded together to prevent it from being released? Could it be that all the talk of a Deep State is nothing but hot air? Maybe the people who broke the law are venal rinky dinks who will be dealt with as the evidence comes out. I've been saying all along that Trump is in control, and the Deep State doesn't exist. Show me the evidence that Trump has been thwarted, threatened, blackmailed, or controlled. You know what the worst political scandal in American history is? Benghazi. Protection was removed despite Ambassador Christopher Stevens's objections. THEN protection was refused when he asked for it on an emergency basis. The attack lasted around eight hours. Over 150 men with gun trucks, rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and heavy machine guns took part. Largest terrorist attack in history, in terms of men involved. The president, Secretary of State, National Security Adviser, and Secretary of Defense lied about the reasons behind the attack. This was al-Qaeda demonstrating its strength. The Secretary of Defense refused to send in a Combatant Commanders In-extremis Force (CIF), a Special Forces company that is on 24-hour alert for EXACTLY the sort of emergency that was taking place in Benghazi. The CIF for EUCOM was Charlie Company, 1st Battalion, 10th Special Forces Group, designated ""C 1/10"" (See One Ten). The night before the Benghazi attack, control of C 1/10 was changed from EUCOM to AFRICOM. This has never been explained. General Martin Dempsey said that C 1/10 could not have gotten from Croatia to Benghazi in time to make a difference. Well, not the way it was used. They sent it to Signorella, Sicily, to a ""staging area."" A CIF is a DIRECT ACTION unit. It should take off from where it is and go DIRECTLY TO the hot spot. Are you aware of the difference between American and European emergency response by paramedics? Europeans use ""stay and play,"" meaning they stabilize the patient on scene. Americans use ""scoop and scoot,"" meaning they rush the patient to the hospital as quickly as possible, so that the HOSPITAL can stabilize the patient. Scoop and scoot has a better outcome than stay and play. My own feeling is that the government-financed health-care systems of Europe have a vested interest in losing patients. It's far less expensive. Therefore I think that on the night of the Benghazi attacks, the government used a form of stay and play, to MAKE SURE that it would be too late to help. I'm not in the military. But why was the CIF sent from Croatia to Sicily? Why didn't the CIF fly straight to Benghazi? Now, I'm not criticizing our troops. They can't operate on their own. But. On December 4, 2017, the Iran-backed Houthis attacked the many homes of former dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh. They also attacked Al Sawad military camp and the home of Brigadier General Tarek Abdullah Saleh, the dictator's nephew. The general was reported killed. Five weeks later, Brigadier General Tareq Abdullah Saleh appeared in public, alive and well. His story is incredible. Commandos of the United Arab Emirates got him out of his house IN THE MIDDLE OF THE AMBUSH. The general spent three days in Sanaa, dodging Houthi death squads. On December 7, 2017, the commandos got the general out of the city by fighting their way through dozens of roadblocks, killing everyone in their way. That rescue mission was improvised ON THE SPOT. The UAE commandos simply acted. They didn't ask anyone for permission. There wasn't TIME. Benghazi is our worst political scandal, because it involves the Pentagon and the heads of the army. All to protect one man from his own incompetence. What's happening now is NOTHING. If you want scalps, go back to Benghazi. THAT'S where we need justice..."
" None of this matters. The world can't see what's happening. In December of 2017, the Iranians began ""reconnaissance by protest."" They deliberately kept the the protests small, but the protests took place in EVERY CITY IN IRAN. Since December of 2017, this is what the Iranian people have done: Recruited an enormous number of men in the security forces. Rehearsed moving large numbers of people from city to city. Rehearsed moving large numbers of people to a SINGLE city. Rehearsed bringing women disguised as men into restricted areas. It's all as clear as day TO ME what's going to happen, but the world remains oblivious. Not a SINGLE JOURNALIST on the planet asked this question: How in the hell did the Mossad take 1000 pounds of paper and CDs from vaults in the most secure building in Iran? There's only one answer. The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps GAVE Israel the documents. And now those IRGC members AND THEIR FAMILIES are living somewhere in Virginia or Texas or Wyoming. For now. John Kerry doesn't matter. The IRANIAN PEOPLE matter. They're going to free themselves. With secret help that will never be acknowledged. So there's no need to worry about any of this. All will be well..."
" The Federal Reserve is both public AND private, since the Board of Governors is an independent government agency, but the Federal Reserve Banks are set up like private corporations. Member Banks own stocks in the Federal Reserve but are not granted the control and financial interest given to holders of common stock in for-profit organizations. Each Member Bank has a board of nine members. Six are chosen by the Member Bank and three are chosen by the Federal Reserve Board of Governors. The Member Banks are required to carry out the Fed's policies. This is all very simple. The Rothschilds don't matter, and neither does the addlepated idea that the Federal Reserve is totally private and illegal. I would say that 99.99 percent of the people screeching about the Federal Reserve don't know a damn thing about it. Did you notice that in response to my question to describe the Federal Reserve, the two Rothschild-shouters bravely ran away? This stuff is BORING to me. The world is changing at warp speed. Time to come up with new obsessions..."
" Hey, panicky, faithless Trump ""supporters"": CNN tells you what's going on. ""Sen. Dianne Feinstein, a California Democrat, suggested to Trump that Congress could pass the 'Dream Act' alone, which would provide a path to citizenship for DACA recipients and which has been Democrats' starting point demand."" The Dream Act is the Democrats' STARTING POINT demand. Guess what THAT means? THAT means they know they won't get it. In negotiations, you START with a position that's OVER THE HORIZON from what you really want. So the Democrats have ALREADY caved on the Dream Act. Trump is forcing the Democrats and Republicans to actually work something out. You know what would happen if Trump took a firm position? NOTHING. We'd have NO IMMIGRATION REFORM. When you go into a negotiation saying, ""I'm not going to negotiate,"" then it's a HUGE WASTE OF TIME. Why can't you understand that? I'm reading unbelievable stupidity from bloggers who are saying that Trump is ""betraying"" us, and it's based on FANTASY. It's based on a child's view of the world. Again, for the slow people among us, the Democrats' STARTING POINT is the Dream Act. That means they've given up on getting it. And again, when the president goes into a negotiation saying, ""These are my terms. Take them or leave them,"" the other side will LEAVE THEM. Do you want change, or do you want manly posturing that accomplishes SQUAT? UP YOUR GAME. Stop being angry perma-children..."
" Aha! Let's read between the lines. ""Salafi groups in the Strip have fired nearly 30 rockets since Trump’s statement of American recognition of Jerusalem as Israel’s capital and it seems that the trend has been winding down over the past few days, in light of the Hamas’ government’s demonstration of restraint."" ""When the left and center demand action, [Defense Minister Avigdor] Lieberman calmly explains why what the IDF is doing is enough for the time being."" ""His analysis, which is based on Military Intelligence assessments, states that a few days more of restraint are needed until things calm down in the Gaza Strip."" Between January of 2016 and today, SOMEONE went into Gaza, blew up 28 attack tunnels, killed an unknown number of ""elite"" nokhba fighters and their commanders, and persuaded others to defect to Israel. When the Israeli defense minister says ""Things will calm down in a few days,"" he means the people firing the rockets will all be DEAD. The Syrian army, Iran, and Hezbollah are returning to the Golan Heights. Israel is removing all the minefields guarding the Golan Heights. Take a wild guess what's going to happen. The final factor? The US is now transferring advanced military technology to the Lebanese army at a rate never before seen. Light attack aircraft, light attack helicopters, infantry fighting vehicles. Check THIS out: ""Lebanon this week became the second country in the world to receive delivery of US-made Bradley armoured personnel carriers."" ""The transfer of M2A2 Bradleys to Lebanon reflects the level of trust that the US has in the LAF [Lebanese Armed Forces] as a responsible regional partner in the broader counter-ISIL effort.” That's perfectly true. But. ""Saudi Arabia was the only country outside the US that had the M2A2 in its inventory."" So what dies THAT mean? YES! Saudi M2A2 Bradleys and their crews can be sent to Lebanon to operate in disguise. The final piece of the puzzle: November 21, 2017: Lebanese Armed Forces Commander Joseph Aoun orders the Lebanese army to the border to repel Israeli aggression. Guess who asked Aoun to do that? President Donald Trump. We gave the Lebanese $40 million to carry out this operation. To sum up: Assad, Iran, and Hezbollah are entering the Golan Heights. The Israelis are clearing the minefields around the Golan Heights. The US reimbursed the Lebanese army for moving much of its strength to the Israeli border. And the US is giving Lebanon weaponry that the Saudis also have in their inventory. WHAT DO YOU SUPPOSE IS IN THE WORKS, EH?! Go out and buy a comfy chair, a nice footstool, and 500 pounds of popcorn. Put them in front of your TV or computer and wait. HAPPY NEW YEAR! I just realized what will likely happen: Remember that Lebanese prime minister Hariri fled Lebanon due to an assassination threat. Then he went back, and he demanded that Hezbollah stop interfering in the affairs of neighboring countries, since Lebanon is neutral. I'm sure that Hariri now has protection in the form of a company or more of men and women who wear Lebanese uniforms but say nothing. It's likely that any war against Hezbollah will be fought by troops wearing Lebanese uniforms, using weapons now in the Lebanese inventory. The ground forces will enter Lebanon through Israel. They'll also be infiltrated from the air and the sea. If Lebanon is credited with defeating Hezbollah, who can complain? Iran? So my guess is that people wearing Lebanese uniforms will do the fighting. And it'll be done in secret. AND it'll be over quickly... ADDENDUM: The Lebanese Army wore the M81 woodland pattern camouflage as a matter of national identity. All Lebanese recognized the pattern. Only the Airborne Regiment wore a different pattern, called desert MARPAT. Little by little, the world has switched to the ""multicam"" family of patterns. Today--December 26, 2017--the Lebanese Army put a video showing Christian-Muslim unity AND Commander of Armed Forces Joseph Aoun wearing multicam. So this means that anyone fighting as Lebanese won't have to buy new uniforms..."
" Wow. Explain something to me: If this is in reference to submitting Form 1649, it should say this: ""Submission Form 1649"" Why did the Deep State insider reverse the order of the words? Now, let's look up Form 1649. General Services Administration Notification of Federal Supply Schedule Improvement. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms application for Certificate of Label Approval under the Federal Alcohol Administration Act. That's it for forms. Booze and supply improvements. EVERYBODY SET YOUR HAIR ON FIRE...!"
" War. Everyone knows about it. Did you that the Saudi-led Coalition has created a FIRST? A military Unit for the Protection of Children in Armed Conflict. The Unit is part of the Coalition headquarters. It isn't symbolic. It isn't words. It's an integral part of the Coalition war-fighting strategy. Some people TALK and do nothing. Other people DO THINGS without talking about them..."
" Here's your proof that Wolff is pulling is fast one on the press. Nobody sane can believe this. Why not? Because if 100 percent of the Trump administration believes that he's unfit to be president, they wouldn't be working for him. Duh. Trump has assembled an array of people with astonishing firepower and ZERO WILLINGNESS TO WASTE THEIR TIME. You think Nikki Haley, Mad Dog Mattis, and McMaster would work for a man they consider unfit to be president? This is the mother of all trollings. With each passing the day, the press looks more and more childish and demented. AND the book hits right around the time that Trump's policies begin kicking in. Wolff was asked, ""How would you like to destroy these people who you consider beneath contempt?"" And he said, ""Why, I'd LOVE to! Thank you!"" Amazing..."
" An open tweetstorm to . Don, you and your buddies-- et al--put ME in the position of having to choose who to believe. I believe President Trump. Am I calling Mrs. Johnson a liar? No. You've presented us with a false choice: Agree with Mrs. Johnson or call her a liar. I'm not calling her a liar. How could I? I have no idea what she believes. But since YOU and the rodeo clown have demanded that I choose who to believe, I choose the president. And you can shove your fake concern for Gold Star families. When the rodeo clown was told that Gold Star father John Kelly spoke of her very emotionally, do you know what she said? ""I'm a rock star!"" Just today, calls Gold Star father John Kelly a racist. Nobody sane believes YOU or the rodeo clown or Chancey DeVega. This is a PERFECT image: Russian television showing a conversation between a horrific rubber Halloween mask and a robot with a bitter mouth. The race issue is DONE. Americans sacrificed EIGHT YEARS OF OUR LIVES so that a man could playact at being president. And the SECOND he gets out of office, what happens? The race-baiting gets EXPONENTIALLY WORSE. You have no idea how you're coming across to the vast majority of Americans. We're not going to forget this. YOU have no sense of what's right and what's wrong, but WE do. I want President Trump to defend himself. The rodeo clown thought she'd set the perfect trap for him. She was wrong. I'm GLAD that President Trump is defending himself. It's important that YOU and the rodeo clown pay a price for this obscenity. That price will be ELECTORAL EXTERMINATION of the Democratic party. I'll end with this: The country is ONE ELECTION AWAY from being able to amend the Constitution without input from the Democrats. If that happens, the Democrats will NEVER be able to undo what the Republicans put in place. And guess whose fault that will be? Thank Fred for me. And remember: I didn't want this fight. But I'll fight it. You BET I will..."
" No gunfire. I just thought of something: What if this message has been passed along to the security forces? ""Don't use your weapons. Just...no guns."" This uprising would then proceed organically, wouldn't it? What I mean is, it would be a purely Iranian achievement, right? Nobody is stopping the protesters, despite the demands by the regime. I thought if the IRGC attacked, then THAT would be the impetus for the army to respond. But. That would require people to die. What if Iran is getting help, and what if the help isn't so coldblooded? What if a PREEMPTIVE message went out? ""Do NOT use your guns. DO NOT DO IT."" That would explain so many Iranians saying that they're no longer afraid of the security forces..."
" This is VERY important. No exaggeration: You can determine how politics works in the future. ""What has changed? The largest difference is turnout: many Republicans who ten days ago said they might not vote, now say they plan to show up on Election Day and vote for Moore."" EXCELLENT. If you elect , not only will you get a good senator, you'll also show that the politics of character assassination doesn't work. This is one of the most important elections we've ever had. There's never been such a nightmarish coordinated assault, such a piling on, and such a GUTLESS refusal to defend. I fully understand that Alabamans were knocked off balance. Roy Moore said today that HE WAS TOO. But Roy Moore is INNOCENT. If you elect him, you'll have a fine senator, AND you will send multiple messages: One, stay the heck out of our elections. Two, you can't fool us with lies. And three, STOP WITH THE DISGUSTING politics of character assassination. Go back to having a better argument. Am I being naive? I don't think so. By electing Roy Moore, you'll be inflicting massive damage on the Old School moneyed interests who want to enslave you forever. Whatever happens, I'm proud of you, Alabama. And I'm proud of you too, Judge Moore. Well done..."
" Total fantasy. ""One day in late August, national security adviser Susan Rice called Daniel into her office and demanded he cease and desist from working on the cyber options he was developing."" Rice had no statutory power. Obama supported cyber operations against Russia, but Rice killed it? Looks like I was eight about Rice, huh, ? They threw her under the bus TWICE: Benghazi and ""Russian hacking."" Here's what we're told: ""This intelligence was so sensitive it had not been put in the President’s Daily Brief. Brennan had informed Obama personally about this, but he did not want this information circulating throughout the national security system."" ""The other principals were surprised to hear that Putin had a direct hand in the operation and that he would be so bold."" ""It was one thing for Russian intelligence to see what it could get away with; it was quite another for these attacks to be part of a concerted effort from the top of the Kremlin hierarchy."" So Putin is PERSONALLY effing up our elections. Unprecedented. This will crack you up: ""A parallel concern for them was how the Obama administration could respond to the Russian attack without appearing too partisan."" Because Obama spent eight years being scrupulously nonpartisan. ""The United States and NATO should publicly announce a giant 'cyber exercise' against a mythical Eurasian country, demonstrating that Western nations had it within their power to shut down Russia’s entire civil infrastructure and cripple its economy."" Michael Daniel--the guy proposing this idea--was an analyst. He had no ""team"" of cyber-attack experts. ""At his morning staff meeting, Daniel matter-of-factly said to his team that it had to stop work on options to counter the Russian attack: 'We’ve been told to stand down.'"" ""Then Prieto spoke up, asking, 'Why the hell are we standing down? Michael, can you help us understand?' Daniel informed them that the orders came from both Rice and Monaco."" I had no idea that Monaco was giving orders to the Obama administration, but it makes sense. Here's the ""tell"" that this is all fake: ""Can you help us understand?"" That's a line from a crappy spy thriller. ""We're through the looking glass here, people!"" Just watch: Rice will end up having 5 million reasons to have sent that e-mail to herself. The one that exposed Obama and Comey..."
" I just busted a Russian troll. Here's what she posted earlier about Trump. So I said, ""This is a classic Russian face."" And it is. Green eyes, honey-blonde hair. Also the lipstick and leather jacket don't fit in with the ""working-class mom"" shtick. Five seconds after I tweeted her photo, she changed her avatar. I'd say that's a big ""Affirmative."" Ha."
" Now the focus shifts. From mid-2015, every major Iranian and Hezbollah commander in Syria was killed. I stopped counting a long time ago, but the commanders are still dying. Bashar al-Assad just lost his top general. Zahreddine was a war criminal who killed journalists, prisoners, and pretty everyone else who couldn't fight back. I have no doubt whatsoever that he was targeted. Even Russians have been targeted. We know that the commanders are being targeted because so many of them have been killed in comparison to ordinary soldiers. The Islamic State in Syria seems to kill only colonels and generals with their artillery barrages and land mines. Here's legendary Suheil ""the Tiger"" al-Hassan, Syria's top Special Forces commander. He took time out from the war to have cosmetic surgery on his earlobes. I have no idea if Suheil al-Hassan ever existed, but his unit--the Tigers Forces--is not real. Here are the Tiger Forces. How is it possible to fire a weapon this badly? Have you seen the videos of liberated Raqqa? Everyone's blathering about the destruction. Nobody's noticed this: WHERE ARE THE ASSAULT TROOPS? They moved on to other operations. My guess is that Assad's forces will lose their commanders one by one. The goal is to prevent what happened in Iraq after we overthrew Saddam. Syria has a functioning government. It'll want to get with the program. Assad's forces are draftees and war criminals. The war criminals will die. When all the right people are dead, the Syrian war will be over. The government will hold elections, and Assad will fly to Russia. Assad may fly to Russia even before the elections. He's not going to have anyone to protect him. Everyone needs to cooperate now. It's the only way to ensure a natural lifespan..."
" In the past, going underground guaranteed your safety, because there's a limit to the explosive power of a ""bunker buster."" Therefore the NEW idea for bunker busters was speed, not explosive power. In 2011, the High Velocity Penetrating Weapon (HVPW) was conceived. It was used in Sanaa, Yemen, on April 20, 2015. Hitler's birthday. The shock wave is directed underground, destroying everything to a depth of many hundreds of meters. In that explosion, the debris towers rose faster than the fireball. That strange phenomenon is the result of KINETIC energy, not explosive energy. Israel confirmed the existence of the HVPW. The Israeli Air Force says that 3000 one-ton ""missiles"" can topple a country. The Mk-84 general-purpose bomb weighs one ton. There's no way that 3000 high-explosive bombs can topple a country. The only such weapon would by the HVPW. The Israelis and the Gulf Cooperation Council have converted transport aircraft into strategic bombers with rotary dispensers. THAT could topple a country. There are also Rods From God. We have video of the weapon used in combat, date and place unknown. This is all VERY GOOD NEWS for Iranians. These weapons could have been used at any time...but they weren't. And they WILL NOT BE. The goal is to help Iranians bring about regime change THEMSELVES, without another disastrous war. These new weapons would only be used as a last resort. The mullahs will be gone before such a resort becomes necessary..."
" In a sense. Here's what the Middle East says about Iran: ""Iran is the arsonist who sells water to the fire department."" Race hustlers are CREATING strife in order to personally benefit AND in order to fulfill the dreams of the power-mad. ""Rebuild LA"" failed because of this guy. Danny Bakewell. He's...black. Speaks with a thick inner-city accent. Bakewell sabotaged Rebuild LA after the riots by making impossible demands on Peter Uberroth. Every construction company was racist and couldn't be hired. Finally Uberroth walked away. The people who burned down their neighborhoods STILL have to drive twenty or thirty miles for groceries. THAT'S what Bakewell wanted. He can point to the empty lots and say, ""You need me to fill them."" Look how fat and corrupt he is, like a 19th century plutocrat. Look at that RING! Black people keep each other in line. That's why Dave Chapelle walked away from a deal worth $30 million. When black people become ""too successful,"" they're required to become ""street"" and talk only about race. Chapelle was MUCH funnier before he surrendered to the demands that he become ""authentic."" He did a character who was a rapper--but had Pan legs and played a Pan pipe. In another sketch, a guy was invited to his first wine-and-cheese party. He got hysterical and started beating everybody up, yelling, ""Why didn't you ever tell me how GOOD THESE PARTIES ARE?"" I love absurdity. Chapelle was an absurdist who was ordered to be blacker and blacker. So he walked away for over ten years. He's back, but he's still doing race stuff, so I don't watch him anymore. Wayne Brady is almost the only entertainer strong enough to tell the ""Be Blacker!"" crowd to shove it. Aries Spears savagely mocks the demands that he be ""street."" LANGUAGE WARNING. "
" A story about my brother Tim and his near-death experience. Tim is in the foreground. That's me in the back. I have gastritis. This was the worst attack ever. Has to go to the emergency room for morphine. But there's an upside! Now I know what I'll look like as a corpse. How many people can say that? Tim had an umbilical hernia repaired in 2012. They used a plastic mesh that has now been recalled. Massive lawsuits. They cut the mesh with scissors. Ever seen a cut plastic mesh? One of those little spears punctured Tim's intestine. He began feeling terrible abdominal pain, so we went to the ER. This is the sanctuary state of California. We welcome MY people: Mexicans. My people don't believe in doctors. Mexicans go to the hospital for headaches, runny noses, itchy skin. So we waited EIGHT HOURS. I was pursued relentlessly by a jabbering Chinese woman with a constipated father. She was like this. For eight hours. Finally I told Tim to brace himself. I stood up to pick up one of the computers to throw against the wall, and at that moment, they called us in. GUESS WHAT? Because they FIRST saw all the illegal Mexicans with runny noses, Tim now had a systemic infection. They went from the emergency room bed to the operating table in about 48 seconds. Took out the mesh and began giving Tim antibiotics. None worked. I cornered a doctor and got him to admit to me that Tim was going to die. He was in the hospital for three weeks. I saw him every day. The first two nights he was completely off his rocker. He complained about the bowling alley, the air force guards and their dogs... The visit from Anthony Bourdain(!), the TV show being filmed next door, and the radio show being recorded. I just let him tell me all about it. He stopped hallucinating after two days, when his fever went down. They tried every known antibiotic. The second-to-last one worked. He lived. After he recovered, I told him that they said he was going to die. ""You didn't show it at all,"" he said. Because it wasn't about ME. I'll tell you what I did during every visit: I imagined a laser beam coming out of my forehead, cleansing him. YOU WILL LIVE, I said over and over. 100,000 times, easy. The third night Tim was there--after he stopped hallucinating--he had a dream or a vision. He was out in a little rowboat on a perfectly silent lake at night. He was totally at peace. The night sky was full of equations and symbols, the color of starlight. Tim said they were the meaning of life. He understood everything fully at the time, but now he can remember only understanding. The meaning is lost. The hospital and the surgeon didn't charge Tim a penny. They were terrified of a lawsuit. We're not the suing type. After the mesh was recalled, the doctor went bankrupt. He wore gold chains around his neck and drove a Ferrari. People worry about what they'll do in a crisis. Put your faith in God and ask for strength. What will be will be. Tim is a changed person. The vision of the meaning of life comforts him. In 2013 he was an atheist. Now he's a non-religious theist, like me. Other than me, nobody visited him in the hospital. They think death is contagious. In three weeks, I never once thought of myself. I had to cure my brother. There was no time to think about me. The secret to happiness is to help OTHERS. There's nothing like it..."
" What may help us understand Iran? Act 10. The 2011 Wisconsin Act 10, or Wisconsin Budget Repair Bill, limited the collective bargaining, compensation, retirement, health insurance, and sick leave of public sector employees. People forget the incredible union, local, and federal government firepower used to try and stop Act 10. Finally, all 14 Democratic senators fled to Illinois in order to prevent the bill from being voted on. After the bill became law, it faced three years of legal challenges. On August 1, 2014, the Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled that the law was constitutional. The 2011 Supreme Court election was a referendum on Act 10. The initial winner--who opposed it--was eventually declared the loser after some very blatant voter fraud was discovered. In 2011 and 2012, state senators faced recall elections over Act 10. Then in 2012, Governor Scott Walker defeated another recall election. In 2015, Walker signed ""right-to-work"" legislation. This means that residents of Wisconsin are no longer FORCED to join unions, as they were before. This resulted in two years of litigation. By the end of 2017, an appeals court upheld the right-to-work law, ruling that unions have no constitutional entitlement to fees. If you look at all of this, it seems as though the state of Wisconsin is extremely loyal to unions. After all, look how long this fight has gone on. Well, what happened after people were no longer required by law to join unions? Union membership dropped 40 percent. So when you see people marching in Iran in support of the regime, just remember Wisconsin. What we see doesn't always reflect how people actually feel..."
" So I was right. The names of the Palestinians dead show that only two were not military aged males. Hamas says 50 were terrorists. Even now Hamas is lying. They're saying that 50 were MEMBERS of Hamas. Hamas uses civilians as combatants and human shields. Therefore ALL the dead were either Hamas, Hamas affiliated, or killed by Hamas... ADDENDUM: "
" All right. We'll debunk this. The Air Force has tried to get rid of the A-10 almost from the day it was adopted. This was just the most recent attempt. The A-10 is slow and ugly. So the Air Force first tested putting a 30mm cannon on an F-16. Total insanity. The cannon shook the aircraft violently, and the F-16 isn't designed to take heavy ground fire. SO WHAT? The Air Force then said that the F-35 would take over for CAS, suing a 25mm gun that has only 182 rounds. So it runs out of ammunition immediately, AND it can't absorb ground fire. Now we move on to the AC-130. The Air Force tried for YEARS to replace the cannons with missiles. Again, the aircraft runs out of ammunition immediately. The newest AC-130 had ONE 30mm cannon. Finally the Air Force quietly reinstalled the 105mm howitzer. Don't tell me how much the Air Force loves close air support. Their actions prove otherwise..."
" This may be only words. But. ""Iran's Revolutionary Guards have warned anti-government protesters they will face the nation's 'iron fist' if political unrest continues."" I think that would lead to the armed forces--with clandestine help--defeating the IRGC and toppling the mullahs. It's VERY VERY LIKELY that this message has already been passed along. Nobody wants actual combat. However, if the Iranians have the help that I THINK they have, the IRGC doesn't have chance. In the 1980, we have what was called the Revolution in Military Affairs (RMA). A massive leap forward in technology changed the way war is fought. In around 2011, the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) brought about the Second Revolution in Military Affairs (2RMA). Using new technology, strategies, and tactics, the GCC created ""strategic special forces."" Special forces were always a tactic asset. The GCC made them strategic. That means they can win wars on their own. Strategic special forces are called ""C6ISR units."" Command, Control, Communications, Computing, Cyber Warfare, Commando, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance. Here's an interesting phenomenon: Every massively powerful rifle invented in the US is immediately sold out. The Ohio Ordnance Works Heavy Counter Assault Rifle (HCAR) has been sold out for over two years. The .50-Caliber Beowulf keeps selling out. The US military is buying these. Neither are law enforcement or civilians. I think they're going to the GCC. Arab combat doctrine calls for massive firepower. In Iraq, we discovered that our bullets were too small to go through cement. We had to bring back heavy caliber M-14 rifles from 50 years ago. Arab strategic special forces are totally secret. They function as assault troops who move very fast and hit harder than any other military unit on earth. So IF--and that's a BIG IF--the new soldiers are in Iran to help, it means the mullahs' forces will be defeated VERY quickly. I don't know what will happen in Iran. My gut tells me this is regime change, but of course I could be wrong. If the IRGC uses deadly force, I'm 99.99 percent sure that the IRGC will be stopped very quickly. Let's put it this way: I'm not 100 percent sure that the Iranians are getting help, BUT if the Iranians ARE getting help, I'm 100 percent sure that they'll win. In a very short time... ADDENDUM: I'm tired. Tons of typos. Point No. 16, I meant to write that the US military is NOT buying these weapons. Oh well.."
" Sorry. One more debunking before I sign off. This is the most insane thing ever published. Here's all you need to know about this steaming pile of elephant dung: ""Maguire told at least two people that National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, in coordination with a top official at the National Security Agency, authorized surveillance of Steven Bannon and Trump family members, including Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump."" I truly CANNOT believe how stupid people are. The National Security Adviser has NO STATUTORY POWER. He can authorize the order of a Big Mac, large fries, and a large Dirt Coke. McMaster CAN'T order surveillance of anyone. There isn't a single person in the US government who would carry out surveillance ordered by the National Security Advisor. ""Adding to these unsubstantiated claims, Maguire told the potential donors he also had evidence McMaster used a burner phone to send information gathered through the surveillance to a facility in Cyprus owned by George Soros."" THERE WE GO. We know what THAT means, right? Everyone needs to run as fast as they can from people like this. THEY are undermining Trump. Anyone who supports these claims is undermining Trump. With ""supporters"" like this, Trump doesn't need enemies. If I had a magic red button that would dump people into mental institutions, I'd press it until my finger was worn down to a nub. Don't tell me we're all on the same. I have more in common with the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps than I have with the McMaster haters. Here's what I hope: I hope Trump's allies feed all of you disinformation that ruins your careers. I hope you end up homeless, forced to sell skin scrapings so you can afford to buy hay to eat. Bastards."
" Project Yehudi, also called the Yehudi Principle. Hiding things in plain sight. Project Yehudi was named after violinist Yehudi Menuhin. He was once late for a live radio performance, so his nickname was ""the Man Who Wasn't There."" Project Yehudi in 2018. ""Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was even more specific and aggressive on Monday, vowing to crush 'Iranian operatives and their Hezbollah allies around the world.'"" ""But crush with what? There are no US forces to use and no will to use them. So how is the US going to crush Hezbollah, Hamas and Islamic Jihad?"" Yonah Jeremy Bob (!) missed three words that answer his questions. Pompeo: ""I will work closely with the Department of Defense and OUR REGIONAL ALLIES to deter Iranian aggression."" The Saudis trained AT LEAST 350,000 men. That was two years ago. The video shows that the men are operating in ""combined arms micro teams."" This officer sits in front of a vehicle with an unknown automatic cannon. It's almost certainly a BAE Systems 57mm naval gun put on a tracked vehicle. ONE such vehicle could destroy an entire city. The Men Who Aren't There are ALREADY doing the crushing. They wanted to do their own fighting for DECADES. Guess who prevented it? The United States. WE didn't want to do the fighting, but we didn't want THEM to do the fighting. So they FINALLY made peace with Israel, built up their armed forces, trained them in a NEW form of warfare, and sent them out to save the Middle East. Believe me, Yonah Jeremy Bob: You do NOT want Americans to invade the Middle East again. The Law of Unintended Consequences makes this impossible. The locals are doing the crushing. The Men and Women Who Are Not There are on the job. Wish them good hunting..."
" One last story before I go to bed. You may know about this. Two UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters were shot down. They were brought down by al-Qaeda using rocket-propelled grenades. Because of American rules of engagement and the reluctance of the Pakistanis and Malaysians to get involved, it took forever to mount a rescue mission. The American Secretary of Defense was micromanaging in order to prevent further casualties. It was a mess. While the American, Pakistanis, and Malaysians argued, a single jeep with four soldiers left the international camp and went out to find the helicopters. These four soldiers--an officer and three enlisted men--immediately found the crash site. They confronted the Somalis who were desecrating the bodies. By this time there was a gigantic crowd of many thousands of armed militia. The Somalis told the four soldiers to leave. The four soldiers refused. The Somalis threatened to kill the four soldiers. The officer said, ""Then kill us! We're not leaving. You must stop what you're doing."" At this point Somali tribal elders intervened and begged the four soldiers as fellow Muslims to not cause any more deaths. At the request of the elders, the four soldiers left. They were Saudis. When everybody else was lost in confusion and finger pointing, four Saudis went out and tried to help, at great personal risk. THAT is why I support Saudi Arabia. And I also support Israel. And Iraq. And the Iranian people. A crisis can bring the worst or the best of people. The Saudis are showing us over and over and over that crises bring out the best in them. In a fairly short time, the rest of the Middle East will choose improvement. So have faith. Don't give up. All will be well..."
" Well. This is very...depressing. But I'll address the points so that people don't flood me with ""Look what he said about you!"" tweets. ""She-Devil"" is ONE of my favorite movies, but not my favorite. My FAVORITE movie is ""Bad Day at Black Rock."" ""Bad Day at Black Rock"" is about overcoming adversity. And yes, I DO love , because she overcame adversity. She was an early hero of mine for exactly that reason. I don't know anything about her personal life, as Twitter can attest. One night I got into a massive argument with a guy. He pissed me off so much! It became my missions to smash him. BUT I COULDN'T! Everything I said? It bounced right off him. We were fighting about the role of the US in the world. He got under my skin because he wasn't an idiot. He was a worthy opponent. After a couple of hours of this, I looked him up. And then I almost vomited on my keyboard. His name was . So I deleted all my tweets and DMed Roseanne that I'd just gotten into a flame war with her partner. And she said, ""So what?"" That was it. She passed on my apology, and everything was fine. So I didn't and don't know anything about her personal life. But I love her as a hero and a role model and a giant intellect. Talking out of my butt about ObamaCare is the next claim. Well, ObamaCare made my health-insurance premiums QUADRUPLE, and I lost my doctor. And it doesn't cover the medications I need for my PTSD. Some of us are so RICH that we can support government programs that SCREW the general public. I'm not one of those people. I had the best doctor in the world, and was forced to retire because he couldn't bring his practice up to arbitrary standards set by politicians. After giving up dental coverage, I find that my premiums are almost back to where they were before I changed my plan to a piece of crap that has a $15,000 deductible. So I'm not talking out of my butt. I'm just not RICH enough to support a government program that SCREWS the average American. Let's see: Talking out of my butt about big bombs. Well... I talk about the MOAB. That's the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast or MOAB. Everything I've said about is factual, so again, no out-of-butt talking. Talking out my butt about the US going to war in the Middle East. We're ALREADY at war in the Middle East, and as anyone whole reads my tweets knows, Trump is REDUCING the number of combat troops there. See? As for me being a ""war groupie,"" this is simply an insult that leftists created in order to rationalize their ignorance. Are oncologists ""cancer groupies""? I study war because it's the ONLY WAY to determine the trustworthiness of a country. Politicians can SAY anything. The way a country fights a war tells me EVERYTHING about the culture. Studying the Yemen war allowed me to say with 100 percent certainty that Saudi Arabia and her allies are completely trustworthy. The Saudis actually changed my mind about war. THIS is how I used to think. The Saudis wage war on MILITARY OBJECTS, not people. Only by studying war did I become more humane. NOW I agree with the Saudis. Kill as few people--EVEN COMBATANTS--as possible. Studying war made me a better person. So: I've addressed all the issues raised. No need to go any further with this. ADDENDUM: I forgot to say something. I tagged in because she was going to be harassed with this anyway. PLEASE DON'T TWEET TO HER ABOUT THIS. I've addressed it and blocked the guy. The end... ADDENDUM TWO: did THIS for me. ACTUALLY and GENUINELY unblocked him. That tells us that enables harassment. The ""Safety Committee"" is actually designed to target individuals who engage in double-plus ungood thoughtcrime. Okay. If that's how you guys want to play, let's use your own actions against you. Take a look at THIS face. Look at the eyes. Even seen such MISERY and PAIN in your life? You called me a ""war groupie,"" pal. Fine. Here's part of a war poem for you. In all my dreams before my helpless sight, He plunges at me, guttering, choking, drowning... And watch the white eyes writhing in his face, His hanging face, like a devil’s sick of sin --Wilfred Owen You're doomed, buddy. Guttering, choking, drowning. A devil's face, sick of sin. Still want to f*ck with me? I can get MUCH MORE PERSONAL, if you want. Just say the word..."
" Hamas bullshit artists are just phoning it in now. Takek Loubani is an ""emergency physician"" at London Health Sciences Centre (Canada) and Shifa Hospital (Gaza). He says the IDF shot him. His shoes are spotless. They've never touched dust. Tarek and Medecins Sans Frontieres claim that the IDF uses explosive bullets. This is an exceptionally demented accusation, on a par with DIME weapons. Remember DIME weapons? Dense Inert Metal Explosives. They don't even exist, but if they DID, they would create LESS SEVERE wounds. This Jew-hating Norwegian told us that the IDF was using DIME weapons. Again, DIME weapons don't exist. Tarek is telling a big whopper, as is Medicines Sans Frontieres. The IDF doesn't use explosive bullets. See, Takek hates Jews, as do the French assholes of MSF. So to Tarek, ANY lie is believable. Now, watch me blow your mind. The Israelis are so far from bloodthirsty that they invented a bullet that nobody else uses. What's it made of? It's made of compressed sand. Tarek and Mads and MSF and all the other Jew-hating primitives are telling campfire tales from the Dark Ages. These are what the Jewish people call ""blood libels."" The reality is that the IDF has such strict rules of engagement that I myself would never join it. IDF soldiers are at a massive disadvantage. Israeli law says that cops and soldier must shoot a knife-wielding attacker in the legs first. That's why so many Israeli soldiers and cops are stabbed. Until 2015, it was ILLEGAL for Israeli police to use deadly force to save the lives of civilians attacked by rock throwers and Molotov cocktail throwers. BUT. The cops can use only .22-caliber weapons. So we have a country under INTERNAL and EXTERNAL pressure to be, well, SUICIDAL. But Tarek and Gilbert the Mad and MSF and all the other Jew-haters say that the IDF uses special weaponry to inflict more sever wounds. Tarek says that a paramedic named Musa Abuhassanin was killed by the IDF. Palestinians have another word for paramedic: ""terrorist."" In total violation of customary international humanitarian law, they use ambulances as troop and munition carriers. Here's your Palestinian emergency care professional. Palestinian employee of Shifa hospital right after they wheeled in the body of Ismail Bakr. Ismail had been partially deboned. This guy thought it was funny. Here's a Palestinian ""emergency care"" professional threatening American photographer Heidi Levine. What's she worried about? He seems harmless. You know, I can't get involved in this shit again. Thank God for the Gulf Cooperation Council. They take care of business. Mohammed bin Salman is a much better person than I am. He can stay above it all. I can't. So before I say anything else, I'll stop... ADDENDUM: Let me leave you on a lighter note... "
" Here's an issue that deserves discussion. ""Senate Armed Services Committee member Lindsey Graham said, 'We don’t know exactly where we’re at in the world, militarily, and what we’re doing.'” The article is about how our democracy demands that Congress control our military operations. But there's a problem: Congress is UNFIT TO CONTROL our military operations. Members of Congress are partisan hacks, incompetents, and they leak EVERYTHING. During the Civil War, Abraham Lincoln took INCREDIBLE steps. He put members of Congress under house arrest for the duration of the war, and he allowed indefinite detention. Lincoln took these steps because the Democrats--the ""Peace Democrats"" or Copperheads--were actively sabotaging the war effort. They raided prisoner of war camps and released Confederates. General George McClellan deliberately lost battles until Lincoln fired him. Then McClellan ran against Lincoln in the 1864 election. In a perfect world, Congress would do its job. Senator Patrick Leahy is known as ""Leaky Leahy"" because he's blown so many classified operations. It's clear that Trump has bypassed Congress by giving Mattis the authority to make decisions. Also, our generals have been given the authority to make extremely significant decisions. This was done without consulting the Pentagon or Trump. The REALITY is that Congress is not fit to provide rational oversight. That's all that matters to me. Until Congress gets its act together, I'm fine with the way things are being done. WE ARE AT WAR. Congress is nothing but grandstanding drunks in it for themselves. Congress is FAILING to carry out its constitutional duties. I'm not willing to sacrifice our blood and treasure in the name of principle. Someday Congress will come to its senses. Until that day, I APPROVE of the president and the Secretary of Defense bypassing the corruption and rot. Congress went to the press with THIS falsehood. ""The disclosure has raised alarms among congressional officials and regional experts due to the LAF's close relationship with Hezbollah, which has been empowered by ongoing American arms sales to the fighting force."" Really? Show me evidence of Hezbollah using advanced American weaponry. There is none. Here's what Hezbollah was able to scrape up. ""Pentagon spokesman Chris Sherwood said, 'The structural analysis of the vehicles in the picture' does not match those provided to Lebanon."" This isn't a mystery. Iran has over 200 M113 armored personnel carriers. As for Hezbollah's tanks, they're all T-55s. The T-55 entered service in 1949. Exercise Eager Lion 2012. US Marines and members of the Lebanese Army. Are the US Marines helping Hezbollah? Congress would have you think so. It's clear to ME that the Gulf Cooperation Council has separated the Lebanese Armed Forces from Hezbollah. They just haven't broadcast it. We donated Bradley fighting vehicles to the Lebanese army. Besides the US and Lebanon, only one other country in the world uses the Bradley. Saudi Arabia. And the Lebanese army suddenly changed its uniform from the M81 Woodland Pattern to the multicam pattern, used by most nations today. It's absolutely clear that the Saudis are in Lebanon, posing as Lebanese, protecting the prime minister and the armed forces from Hezbollah. What is Hezbollah using? The M1919 Browning. A brand-new century-old machine gun that was never fired. It's in perfect condition, because it sat in a warehouse for eighty years. I trust Trump and the Saudis. I don't trust Congress, because Congress has shown itself to be untrustworthy. For now--TEMPORARILY--the president must bypass the corrupt Congress in order to get things done. He's not breaking any laws. Therefore I support his approach..."
" Did you ever see this? The description says that these are Kurds fighting Assad's forces in Hasaka. A lot of really interesting stuff going on. The guy is speaking Arabic. See the skinny dude with the glasses behind him? He's got TWO rifles. The man on the left with the radio has something around his waist, under his shirt. He's covering it with his left hand. The woman also has something around her waist under her shirt. Her waist is too wide. Finally we see a third man adjusting the device around HIS waist under his shirt. It has to be something electronic. My guess is they're wireless jamming devices that scramble communications and prevent bombs from being detonated. These are Arabs, not Kurds. The woman confiscated the reporter's camera. She appears to be the squad leader. I'm sure they're Saudi. I've never been able to figure out how they sling their rifles that way. It's tight against her body and doesn't require a hand on the sling. See how the Kurdish guy has to hold the rifle to keep it in one place? The woman doesn't have to touch either the rifle or the sling. It's stable, ready for her to unsling it and use it. I thought the guy in the gray T-shirt (center) had a big pot belly, but HE'S wearing something around his waist too. I could watch this stuff all day. It's really fun to try and catch things... ADDENDUM: I'm truly stunned. Someone just told me that these can't be special operators. Why not? Because they don't LOOK THE PART. Here we have an American in Syria. He's got TATTOOS that had to be obscured BECAUSE THEY'RE IDENTIFIERS. Is it really impossible to grasp that the best clandestine soldiers are the ones who don't look the part? Learn something from this video, please... "
" Aha! Finally we have circumstantial evidence of a conspiracy against Roy Moore. The article is 100 percent non-factual, but it DOES say this: ""Legat says that he saw Moore [at the mall] a few times, even though his understanding then was that he had already been banned."" ""'It started around 1979, I think,” he says."" Let's go back to this article from 1982. Moore was broke, defeated, and just about to leave Gadsden. ""He traces all his problems to December 1979, when his criticisms of the courts were spelled out in a story by M.D. Garmon of The Gadsden Times."" So in 1979 Moore goes public with what he sees as corruption in the court system. The guy in the New Yorker says Moore was ""banned from the mall"" beginning in 1979. Coincidence? Moore got his law degree in May of 1977, then he went into private practice, and THEN he was appointed Assistant District Attorney for Etowah County. Can somebody tell me WHEN Moore was appointed the first full-time Assistant District Attorney of Etowah County? It's like it's a state secret..."
" Let's talk about insanity. I finally went to a psychiatrist in 2007. He diagnosed me with PTSD that he said was off the charts. Everything that I thought was normal was actually TOTALLY abnormal. The untreated PTSD had gotten to the point that my body was breaking down, and I was having startle-reflex reactions that were becoming dangerous. While taking a walk, two teenage boys on bicycles came toward me. Without knowing I was going to do it, I dove into the bushes. Those two kids were horrified. ""Don't do that, mister!"" one wailed. ""We don't mess with people!"" I'd had talk therapy, so I thought all was well. But the chemicals in my head were not in balance, so I needed to readjust them. You may have seen that a person on Twitter is using what is called an ""attack account."" You don't use a pseudonym unless you've created a fake identity. Let me tell you about my experience with a guy who uses pseudonyms. I said something on a forum once about a Nazi memorabilia dealer who hates Jews. It was one sentence, and the guy is well known for hating Jews. So this guy started harassing me. I learned that he's famous for harassing people for ten, fifteen years. So I researched him. I discovered that the Nazi memorabilia dealer and the guy who wrote the book above are the same person. The guy was sending death threats and accusations of pedophilia. Then he published a book under my name on Amazon. Apparently he was used to people running in terror from him, because he claimed to be ex-CIA, and he'd never been photographed. So I contacted Amazon and proved that I hadn't written the anti-Jewish book. Amazon revoked the guy's permission to use Amazon. A lifetime ban under the pseudonym he used, which is different from the one above. His little publishing house went out of business. Now, this guy bragged incessantly about how he was a big cheese, and I was nobody. He said a death squad was on its way. Every day he gave me progress reports. These reason everybody was so afraid of this guy is that he'd never been photographed. Nobody knew what he looked like. He told me that he was famous in Russia, so I took his name and transliterated it into Cyrillic. And I found an interview he gave to Russian TV, at his house. SURPRISE! I revealed his appearance to the many MANY people he'd harassed. I also identified where he lived, based on street signs. Then I used Google Maps to get an overhead view of his house. From this point, I was able to identify ALL of his pseudonyms. And I was able to find ALL of his addresses. So every time he sent me a death threat, I sent him another of his pseudonyms and another of his addresses. I discovered that he played the part of his own lawyer. So I found the source of the the photo he use to represent his fake lawyer. This is the last image I sent him. With no comment. He got the message. I let him have the last word, and then he f*cked off. Nobody can out-crazy me. When an ex-girlfriend stalked me, I showed up at her house with a packed suitcase, barged past her when she opened the door, and told her I was moving in. Then I went to her kitchen and got a butcher knife. I sat on the sofa, playing with knife, testing its edge, and saying, ""We;'re going to be so happy together. We'd BETTER be happy together. BOY, we'd better!"" Then I'd laugh. After an hour, she was crying and begging me to leave. I never heard from her again. Dr. David Viscott said, ""The way people screw you tells you the best way you can screw them back."" ALWAYS REMEMBER THAT. It doesn't matter how crazy they are. If you're fearless, you can out-crazy them. The insane FEAR the insane. Study the way they attack you. THAT will let you defeat them..."
" Kim Jong-un. He went to school in Switzerland. ""His fellow pupils don’t remember Kim, who was at the school from 12 to 16-years-old, as the angry and aggressive despot he is now. Instead, they remember a popular, slightly overweight boy."" ""He had an impressive collection of Nike trainers. Kim also played basketball and was a fan of US NBA team Chicago Bulls. Chef Joao Micaelo, still living in Bern, told the Daily Beast that he cannot believe who Kim has become."" ""He was a good friend. We had a lot of fun together. He was a good guy. Lots of kids liked him. I don’t know anything about his life today. All I know is the guy I knew in school."" ""He loved basketball. We played a lot together. I’d like to say to him, if you ever have the time, please contact me again so we can catch up.” Guess what else Kim is, besides a basketball player? He's an actor. He's on the left. So Kim is thoroughly westernized, speaks fluent English, is an actor, and has a direct link to through Dennis Rodman. We're told that Kim is a monster. Well... The reports of savage executions are impossible to verify, and we don't know who orders these killings. North Korea DOES have death camps. No question. But the country ALWAYS had them. The Provisional People’s Committee for North Korea was established in February of 1946 under Kim Il-sung. He became the leader of the Democratic Peoples' Republic of Korea (DPRK) on September 9, 1948. Kim died on July 8, 1994, and was replaced by his son Kim Jong-il. The second Kim died on December 17, 2011. He was succeeded by his youngest son Kim Jong-un. Kim Il-sung is the ""Great Leader,"" and Kim Jong-il is the ""Dear Leader."" Both Kims had fanatical cults of personality built around them--but the SECOND Kim was never seen as great as his father. The NEXT issue is what's important. Both Kims carried out military actions against South Korea and Japan in order to prove to the ruling elite that they could delivery the goods. The Blue House Raid was Kim Il-sung's masterpiece. It was an attempt to kill the South Korean president. The SECOND Kim carried out even more military actions. The Battle of Amami-Ōshima was caught on film. Kim Jong-un has NOT carried out any military actions to show the ruling elite that he can deliver the goods. And Trump says the June 12 summit may still happen. AND finally ""analysts"" tell you what I'VE been saying. ""'You can't assume that he is in total control,' said Bruce Bennett, an analyst at RAND Corporation."" Bennett is close, but the REAL issue is China. Trump the actor and Kim the actor are putting on a hell of a show. I have no doubt that Kim is safe from his own people. Remember Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri said he went to Saudi Arabia to escape an assassination plot? But then he WENT BACK TO LEBANON and un-resigned. Why did he do that? Because now he's PROTECTED. What if the USS Jimmy Carter twice dropped off commandos who are now protecting Kim Jong-un? What if the LAST STEP is meeting Trump and getting formal US protection? Both Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-il were educated and indoctrinated as communists--the former in the Soviet Union and the latter in China. Kim Jong-un was educated in the west, to the extent that he loves to sing in English. My guess is the June 12 summit will happen, and the entire nightmare of 1948 t0 2018 will end. ALL Koreans will be free. That's my prediction... ADDENDUM: points me to this... "
" I wasn't going to talk about this, but in light of the YouTube mass shooting, I think it's time. Now, you can READ the article WITHOUT seeing the video, unless you CHOOSE to watch. The video is three people in a car--two men and a woman--just spewing profanity. Cadillac Coleman puts a .40-caliber semiautomatic pistol on the console. The woman picks up the pistol, points it at the camera, and pulls the trigger. She says, ""You see what we doing to lying-ass hoes? We draw down.” I can't follow the conversation. It's just another senseless episode of striking poses. The driver tells the woman--WHO HE DOESN'T KNOW--that she's making him nervous. Cadillac Coleman says the gun doesn't have a ""clip."" Well, he means a loaded magazine. The gun WAS loaded. The woman chambered a road and then shot the driver in the head. Then she and Cadillac Coleman exited the car. The driver's arms pulled up, and he stomped on the accelerator. This is called ""myoclonus."" It means terminal brain injury. The woman was arrested for ""tampering with evidence homicide related."" There are conflicting reports on whether or not the driver is brain dead. The original video has gotten millions of views. But the mainstream press ignores it, because everyone is black. I don't CARE if everyone is black. THIS IS NO WAY TO BEHAVE. The whole thing is a PARODY of black street culture. But it's REAL. Time to start calling out this INSANITY. ""This what we do to lying-ass hoes."" WHO? WHO ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT? Why is it impossible for me to understand you? We're all Americans. Why do I need an ANTHROPOLOGIST to tell me what the hell is going on in that video? This is CRAZY. And the press is aiding and abetting..."
" The Three Gorges Dam is gigantic. It cracked as soon as it was opened. The dam WILL fail. There's no doubt. When it does, MILLIONS will die. That's China, where life is cheap, and money is king."
" A thread for women. Trump has a woman leading his security team. Men are snickering. I'm truly amazed. This is the president of the United States. His life is at stake. But these men are too stupid to comprehend that. ""It's hilarious to think that women can fight. Hyuck."" This is flat-out EMBARRASSING. Male insecurities are very tiresome, aren't they? Men have the urge to piss on things. I never understood it. But the insecure pissing is irrelevant here, because Trump wouldn't hire this woman unless she could do the job. I've studied martial arts. This is a combat stance. You know, I SHOULDN'T be annoyed, because all those snickering men would be sitting ducks for this woman. They're all talking about FIGHTING. I'm genuinely shocked. Men are actually so dumb that they think a confrontation with this woman would go like this. It would be closer to this. I don't know WHY Trump ""supporters"" have a pathological inability to accept that he knows what he's doing. If he has a female bodyguard, it's because she's the best that he can find. This male grunting is stupid and embarrassing. I'm tired of people being totally disappointing. Tonight, did I learn what it's like to be a woman, or am I overreacting? Anyway, if it's just me and the gals who trust Trump, that's fine. ANNOYING, but fine..."
" Let's talk about the Saudi commandos who the ""experts"" say that I made up. This will explain how they do things. Here we have a soldier with six qualification badges. Almost nobody writes about Arab strategic commandos in English, so I have to translate everything from Arabic, a language I don't understand. In the US, special-operations units are taught general skills AS special forces. These skills are very distinctly delineated. For example, you can become a Special Forces Engineer Sergeant. You're an engineer first. What the Saudis do is train individuals in multiple skills. That's why some soldiers have so many qualification badges. So far, these are the badges I've identified that any commando can earn: Counter-terrorism, Combat Counter-terrorism, General Close protection, Refined Close Protection, Explosive Ordnance Disposal, Assault and Pursuit, Anti-piracy, Hostage Rescue, Marksmanship, Sniper, Pursuit and Destruction, Intelligence, Site Protection, Border Protection... Infantry Combat, General Military Skills, Proficient Military Skills, Special Operations, Long-Range Patrol, Reconnaissance. AND there are the Thunderbolt Courses. Many of the courses above are taught at a much higher intensity, called ""Thunderbolt."" They also have qualifications such as ""Protection of Close Protection."" The Saudis keep their Special Forces in the shadows. There are multiple NEW units that aren't publicly identified. So let's say you need to carry out a mission with no prior notification. Here's what you do: In the one platoon you command, you have men who are paratroopers, snipers, engineers, assault troops, intelligence experts, and so on. It take about 10 seconds to put together a 15-man team that can do anything. They get on the transport aircraft and are dropped in-country. Because every single man is qualified in multiple fields, they function as an entire battalion. AND they have massively powerful weapons. In the west, we're working on replacing soldiers with robots. The Saudis simply made each man or woman worth 100 or 1000 conventional forces. That way, a tiny unit can do unbelievable damage. The qualification badges tell the story. Sure, it's almost impossible for individual soldiers to become so qualified. But that's the secret: You don't need very many. Each soldier is a one-man army. Special Security Services. Airborne, Anti-terror Combat, and two Thunderbolt courses. One has an anchor, so this guy is qualified for naval operations. And these are the people who are photographed. The Saudis keep their TRUE capabilities under wraps... ADDENDUM: Saudi Special Forces major, one of the king's bodyguards. His badges, from top right to left, bottom right to left: US Army jump wings, Jordan jump wings, general close protection, Saudi jump wings close protection refined, pursuit and destroy, marksmanship, Thunderbolt explosive ordnance disposal The king's personal bodyguard, a Special Forces brigadier general. From top: intelligence, Saudi jump wings, general close protection, Thunderbolt explosive ordnance disposal, refined close protection. The goal is to create the smallest possible temporary unit with the widest possible range of skills. From any random 40 men or women, you can assemble a lethal assault or counter-assault formation in seconds..."
" asks a question. I was actually just about to write about this! Great minds, etc. etc. There's absolutely no doubt that the Gulf Cooperation Council carried out a mass infiltration of Gaza. The GCC may have inflicted a death blow on Hamas. It's unprecedented for Hamas to immediately admit that virtually all of the casualties were terrorists. My guess is that Israel and the GCC set up Iran and Hamas. THEN, after the damage was done, Hamas was told, ""Go on TV and admit what you did, or you're going to die."" People need to understand that this DEFEATED operation was one of the most deadly that Israel has ever faced. Imagine 40,000 crazed young Palestinians men breaching the border, bringing with them several hundred or 1000 armed terrorists. Israel has been screwed majorly three times. In 2006, the US told Israel to ""change the balance of power"" in the Middle East by destroying Hezbollah. When Israel began to comply, the press carried a gigantic disinformation campaign. When Hezbollah agent Salam Daher--Green Helmet Guy--held up a dead baby who he had planted, the US ordered Israel to stop the war. Then in 2009, when Israel used the 155mm M825A1 smoke round, the world press said that it was weaponized white phosphorus. Israeli press officers told me that ""human rights"" groups know full well that a smoke round is not weaponized white phosphorus, but they made the accusation anyway. Jew-haters hate Jews. They eat, drink, and breathe Jew-hate. And then in 2014, the IDF was accused of killing Ismail Bakr, Mohammed Bakr, Ahed Bakr, and Zakaria Bakr on the beach. In reality Hamas murdered the four boys, planted their bodies, and then tricked the IDF into firing a missile at the steel shipping container on the breakwater. I could spend all night showing my proof, but this is all you need to know. This is the Commodore Hotel. The Commodore again. When the journalists arrived on the beach TWO MINUTES after the explosion, the bodies of Mohammed, Ahed, and Zakaria Bakr were not there. The journalists all followed the paramedics carrying Ismail Bakr to the ambulance. After Ismail was driven away, Hamas CLEARED THE BEACH. I bought all the raw footage from the Palestinian cameramen. All the journalists except for one were ordered off the beach. Tyler Hicks of the New York Times was allowed to stay. Therefore he saw the ""discovery"" of the three bodies that were initially not there. The footage I bought shows that the boys' wounds were inflicted postmortem. They didn't bleed. NBC News filmed everything from al-Ghifari Tower. So Tyler Hicks and the NBC News crew know what really happened. The head of the Israeli Military Police asked for and got everything I wrote about this, so the Israelis know that the press were complicit in this deception. I wondered how Israel would prevent this from ever happening again. Now I know. A Jewish Israeli told me that Judaism requires that you not give up on people. I understand. And I understand that Israelis are conflicted about war. The Saudis are a warrior culture. AND the Saudi Minister of Defense--Mohammed bin Salman--HATES those who inflict suffering. On July 20, 2014, the IDF attacked Shijaiyah--the ""center of gravity"" of Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad. The Israelis dropped warning leaflets for four days before the assault. This gave the terrorists the opportunity to prepare. Israeli rules of engagement (ROE) are so strict that men are prohibited from shooting in the GENERAL DIRECTION of their own troops. The IDF uses the Namer troop carrier, converted from a tank. Israeli caution allowed the enemy to take advantage, AND the world press accused the IDF of a ""massacre"" ANYWAY. The GCC has entirely different ROE. GCC commandos judge for THEMSELVES whether or not a mission is too risky. As a result, they undertake missions that no other armed forces would dare. I have no doubt that men armed with only very short rifles went into Gaza and killed maybe hundreds of terrorists. The Saudi Arabian National Guard (SANG) now has commandos. This guy went far into Yemen to take out a sniper. He took only a rifle with three magazines taped together ""jungle style."" My gut tells me that the foiled Hamas attack was a turning point. All that planning, and the end result was nothing but dead terrorists. The men who killed them fought with GCC rules of engagement. Hamas won't be eager to experience those ROE again... ADDENDUM: Sorry it took so long to write this. made each tweet take up to twenty minutes to load. Now THAT shows a deep and abiding love for terrorists... "
" There. NO TURNING BACK NOW. Two reasons for this change: One is pure pragmatism. Saudi Arabia is moving off oil. The Gulf Cooperation Council is already a center for massively advanced technology. But the region needs FOREIGN INVESTMENT. You can't attract foreign investment AND be intolerant. But the second reason this is happening is that the current Saudi leadership is GENUINELY concerned about the human condition. King Salman's favorite restaurant is in Spain. When he goes there, the staff addresses him as ""Salman."" We talk about the ""silent majority."" There's one in the Middle East too. In the Battle of Mosul, there was an old commando who always covered his head indoors. Iraqi Jews fled decades ago. If this man is Jewish, he would have IDF training. When he removed the cloth from his head, two of his colleagues gave the camera special looks. Those looks say, ""Not a goddam word, or you'll die."" The extremely lethal-looking man on the left stares at the old commandos bare head. Can you read his expression? He's ashamed. He's thinking, ""This isn't right."" But the old commando cracks up the man on the left. There's no bond like being in the military, and there's no bond like being COMMANDOS. Those men LOVE the old guy. He's the oldest commando I saw in Mosul. No rank. If he's an Iraqi Jew who came back, it's clear that he was accepted. I thought there was no hope for the Middle East. Well, guess what? King Salman made stunningly radical changes in less than three years. And pretty much everyone is happy. So: I see the Middle East becoming a great place to visit. A safe place full of nice people..."
" Sayfullo Habibullaevic Saipov is an immigrant from Uzbekistan. Uzbekistan is north of Afghanistan, in the region known as ""Central Asia."" Uzbekistan is 90 percent Muslim. Two factors are at play here: Imperialistic Islam and Russia. The region became Muslim in the eighth century, as a result of the Rashidun and Umayyad Caliphates. The Arabs and the Chinese fought over the region. Ultimately, the Persian-descended locals defeated both sides and remained Muslim. During the Abbasid Caliphate, the locals ruled. The next to invade were the Turks, in the ninth century. This resulted in the Ghaznavid Empire, a mix of Turkish and Persian influence. Another two centuries of war followed. The Mongol Genghis Khan finally roared in. The Mongols ruled until 1380, when the Uzbek Tamerlane--a tribal chieftain--took over. After Tamerlane died in 1405, the empire fragmented, and the Uzbeks began to conquer all of Central Asia. There was about four centuries of warfare before the Russians arrived. From the nineteenth century, Uzbekistan was under first Russian and then Soviet control. The Russians and Soviets were brutal. ""Russification"" meant deporting native people and installing Russians. So THAT is the total mess from which today's terrorist emerged. The short hair and the giant beard illustrate the multiple directions in which he is being pulled. Jihadist terrorism made him feel superior for the moments between the killings and the police bullets hitting him. People tell you that ISLAM is the problem. No. HISTORY is the problem. And we can't change history. The only solution is the Saudi approach: A Stealth Reformation that does not require Muslims to renounce their religion. This Stealth Reformation is MUCH FURTHER ALONG than we know. The evidence for my statement? The lack of gigantic mass-casualty attacks since 9/11. Up until 9/11, the attacks were increasing in sophistication. Although MANY governments have taken steps to stop these attacks, another factor is the Stealth Reformation. So go back and look at the bubbling stew of resentment inside the Uzbek terrorist's head. HISTORY is the problem. But soon, the PAST WON'T MATTER. The present and the future will be the emphasis. "
" This allows me to make a joke-point: If you haven't seen the movie ""Ninotchka,"" I highly recommend it. The tagline was ""Garbo laughs!"" Garbo overcame TWO obstacles: First was talkies. Multiple famous silent-movie actors lost their careers overnight. Clara Bow had a thick Bronx accent, so talkies ruined her. Garbo's image was tied into her aloofness. Nobody knew how her first talkie would be received. The first words she spoke in a film. SMASH HIT! Her deep, sultry voice perfectly matched her image. Then the nature of films changed, and she was asked to do comedy. NEVER did comedy before. Although the laughing scene in Ninotchka is the most famous, I prefer her dead pan humor. She's a Soviet engineer, so she thinks of everything in terms of number. When told that a man threw himself off the Eiffel Tower after being jilted, she asks, ""How long did it talk for him to hit the ground?"" She explains that there are now fewer but BETTER Russians. That's what's happening with my followers. I have a better class of follower. People with whom I'm on the same wavelength. It's not politics; it's a love of improvement. So we're going to get through all of this, and we'll be better for it. ""Ninotchka"" is actually quite moving. I love Garbo. The movie ""Garbo Talks"" was one of my mother's favorites. It's another terrific film. Garbo refused to be pigeonholed. It cost her, but I think she felt the cost was worth it. I like all types of Garbo. A great conversationalist, apparently. Loved the absurd..."
" The new Twitter rules. This is NOT A JOKE. ""We believe that everyone should have the power to create and share ideas and information instantly, without barriers. In order to protect the experience and safety of people who use Twitter, there are some limitations on the type of content and behavior that we allow."" In order to let you create and share ideas and information without barriers, here are some limitations on the ideas and information you can create and share. "
" Now THIS is exciting. ""It turned out [that foreign investors] were actually afraid of Iran, both because of its involvement in militant activities and because of the destructive governmental involvement in the economy."" So Obama's nuclear deal was a flop. Only the mullahs and the IRGC got rich. ""[The protesters] are completely undermining the entire Iranian political discourse, which sprawls from President Hassan Rouhani to former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad."" ""It’s a discourse of religious clerics and their assistants, where there are different shades and a certain flexibility. Seculars, liberals, communists and others can’t take part in this discourse."" ""The slogan which should particularly serve as a wake-up call to the regime is 'The nation sacrificed in the army, the army will sacrifice for the nation.'"" ""This slogan is taken from the revolution protests in 1979, and its purpose is to say to the soldiers: Rise up against the regime. At the time, the Iranian army refused to crush the uprising—and the shah was toppled."" ""The slogans chanted in the protests of the past few days demonstrate that conventions have been shattered."" Here's something about revolutions: Size doesn't matter. Everyone is comparing these protests to the 2009 protests. What happened to the Green Movement, as large as it was? Size doesn't matter. Strategy, tactics, and support matter. ""First I was like this."" ""Then I was like this."" "
" People can't understand why I hate conspiracy theories. It doesn't matter. But look what can happen when you traffic in conspiracy theories. Brennan M. Gilmore is now SUING people who reported that his presence at the Unite the Right rally was part of a conspiracy. The lawsuit wording is actually hilarious. Gilmore is made out to be a saint. But there's an old saying that people on social media forgot. It begins, ""If you play with fire..."" Now, I could've sued the hell out of multiple people. They've defamed me in ways that would win me gigantic awards. But I'm not going to sue, ever. I don't actually care what people say about me. But Brennan M. Gilmore is very angry, and he's going to make people pay for saying that he's part of a conspiracy. My guess is that his lawyers are working pro bono. The conspiracy theorists made a big deal out of a ""random guy"" turning out to have worked for the State Department. Conspiracy theorists turn off their thinking caps. Gilmore is politically committed, and he went to a well-publicized event in order to confront people he thinks need confronting. His video was compelling. The event--as we all know--was a catastrophe. A nutter ran down counter-protesters, killing Heather Heyer. We have video of cops indifferently watching the killer's non-roadworthy car drive past. The armed militia was useless because Antifa attacked ANYWAY. This is the moment the militia decided to pull back. Terry McAuliffe sent in the National Guard. Middle-aged women with batons. WORSE than useless. McAuliffe lied and said that his poor cops were outgunned by the militia. The cops had frigging MRAPs. And then the press heaped demented hatred on Trump. This whole thing was a giant clusterf*ck. Made worse by conspiracy theorists. Let me show you something. People cheered at this. I didn't cheer for two reasons: One, the woman did nothing. Two, Nathan Damigo is a f*cking Nazi. BOY, did people pile on! Well, guess what? Remember ""Based Spartan""? He walked away from it all. He discovered to his horror that the people he was with WERE in fact Nazis. He's an ex-con has a LOT of problems. But he recognized Nathan Damigo for the scumbag he is. This is why I don't lament the fact that Austrians with Waffen-SS haircuts are denied entry into the UK. And I don't celebrate small women being socked in the face. Deaths and lawsuits. Have we had enough of this bullshit yet? Can we stop with the childish hate and campfire tales ON BOTH SIDES? Do you know how easy it is to bankrupt someone with legal fees? You could lose EVERYTHING. Nobody has to worry about ME suing them. But this is the most litigious culture on earth. Try to keep that in mind..."
" and Maggie Haberman show you the total dishonesty of those who oppose . Luntz wrote and Haberman retweeted the following lie. It took me exactly four seconds to find this. ""Roy has a very good chance of not winning in the general election. It's all about the general."" Thus we see that Luntz and Haberman are liars. Disgusting people..."
" asks a question. There are two issues at work here: One, the more you invest in something, the longer it takes for you to admit that you were ripped off. Something like 98 percent of journalists are leftists. They believe in what Victor Davis Hanson calls the ""therapeutic view"" of geopolitics: All conflict is the result of misunderstandings. According to leftists, the Iranian mullahs are reasonable people who want the same things we want. We just have to find the right words to reach them. Along with the axiom that all conflict is the result of misunderstandings goes the notion that all trouble in the world is the fault of the United States. So the mullahs CAN'T be wrong, no matter what they do. The notion that the mullahs are a corrupt, savage mafia NEVER enters their minds. Or what PASSES for their minds. Of course the SECOND reason the press is hiding the truth is because Trump supports the protestors. recently said that no matter what Trump does, Stephens will always opposes him, even if Trump does everything Stephens wants. Stephens thinks that's a sane thing to say. But pretty much EVERY journalist thinks that way. The final factor is bigotry. The Iranians aren't to be taken seriously. They're cute little desert-people who go, ""Booga-booga-booga!"" I spent ten years in Hollywood. These people are incredible bigots. Did you ever ask yourself this question? ""How can a photojournalist take a picture of a starving child and then go back to his hotel and have a hearty meal?"" They do it all the time! It's because leftists think that death, squalor, and oppression are the natural state for most people. They starve because they're African. They get shot because they're Iranian. No big deal. Not a single journalist is EXCITED by the Iranian protests. They aren't ROOTING for the Iranians. They don't FEEL ANYTHING when they see images of young people shot dead. To be a journalist these days, you have to be functionally insane. You have to live in Opposite World, where one of the smartest, most effective, and altruistic world leaders is a dangerous maniac. In the end, journalists oppose improvement. They lack the imagination to make positive stories interesting. But on the other hand, the LIE in order to make THEIR leftist idols appear brilliant, successful, humanitarian, etc. As I said, functionally insane. The press is on the side of the Houthis in Yemen. These are unbelievable savages who commit every kind of atrocity imaginable. But the press loves them. Inside every leftist is an angry child who just wants to wreck everything. Horrible people, really..."
" I'm going to step into something here. Briefing on the investigation into the October 4, 2017, ambush in Niger that killed four Americans. Sergeant First Class Jeremiah Johnson, Staff Sergeant Bryan Black, Staff Sergeant Dustin Wright and Sergeant La David Johnson were killed. These are the conclusions: US Service members will be made to to understand a STRATEGIC APPROACH approach when working with allies and partners. In other words, the men were using a TACTICAL approach. This is due to their training and their commanders. The men will be retrained in a way that emphasizes employing U.S. military capabilities in a SUPPORTING ROLE. In other words, the commanders sent the men out to fight in the old way. Additions will be made to the minimal equipment requirements for the special operations team that work for Special Operations Command Africa. I say this as a guy who tweets, okay? We MUST adopt the Gulf Cooperation Council model of combined arms micro teams. Tell the military brass to shove it, and create units that have everything they need, so that they don't have to CALL FOR HELP. The firepower will be increased, but only in terms of ground forces. They need their own AIR ASSETS. This is what I DID NOT want to hear: They'll provide clear, unambiguous guidance for submission and approval for partner-force operations to eliminate confusion of approval of authorities and allow proper oversight by the leadership chain of command. So the men on the ground still don't get to decide for themselves what they can and can't do. ""Proper authority"" and chain of command is still more important than combat effectiveness. And they also admitted that the training was inadequate, as was adherence to the the pre-deployment training. The men who were ambushed were not familiar with the Nigerien operational model. They're adopting SOME of the GCC practices, such as giving Special Forces aerial intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) platforms, but these assets will still be SEPARATE from the men on the ground. We need to completely overhaul the way we fight wars. If the generals disagree, fire them until there are so many ex-generals that the remaining ones finally agree. That's what we did in World War II. I understand the reluctance to embrace new thinking. But lives are at stake. Tradition needs to be thrown out the window. Give the Green Berets their own tanks, artillery, gunships, and fixed-wing aircraft. Make the Special Forces STRATEGIC assets. It's time..."
" Well...no. The attack allegedly took place on March 18, 2013. Saudi Prince Salman bin Sultan gave the order for the attack. On March of 2013, Salman bin Sultan was Secretary General of the National Security Council (NSC). The Saudi NSC doesn't give operational orders. Salman bin Sultan became Deputy Defense Minister on August 6 2013. In THAT position, he would give operational orders. But. King Salman relieved Salman bin Sultan of his position as Secretary General of the National Security Council. And then King Salman relieved him of his position as Deputy Defense Minister. The video shows towed multiple launch rocket systems (MLRS). I think they're using the Russian RPU-14. Short-range unguided rockets. The rebels say they're bombing Damascus International Airport. That's white minaret from a mosque, and there's a river in the foreground. This is Damascus International Airport. The control tower. So this ""bombshell report"" is a fake that took me exactly two minutes to debunk. Never believe anything from Zero Hedge..."
" This is what I figured. No idea what's REALLY happening, but the Turks are faking their combat videos. This is the ""strategic"" Mount Bersaya (a.k.a. Qastal Hill). Turkey says it's taken the hill after fierce fighting. First we see a demining vehicle fire a mine-clearing line charge (MICLIC), a rope full of boom. The bright dot is the engine of the rocket pulling the MICLIC). The MICLIC goes BOOM! Everything else you see is tanks firing at point-blank range. Three rounds. But now the Turks are firing the WRONG TANK ROUND. They used a ""sabot""--not a high-explosive round--and it bounced off the rocks (green arrow). Again. There's no return fire, and the aftermath of the battle shows no real damage. The Turks were shooting the earth, rocks, and trees. I wonder how long this will go on? Everybody's humoring Erdogan for now. That may not last..."
" See? Theater. ""Trump said he was not pursuing the so-called 'Libya model' in getting North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons program. Bolton had suggested the Libya model in comments on Sunday, prompting North Korea to threaten to cancel."" ""Trump said the deal he was looking at would give Kim 'protections that will be very strong.' “He would be there, he would be running his country, his country would be very rich,” Trump said."" ""'The Libya model was a much different model. We decimated that country,' he said."" Trump has broadly hinted that he and Kim are already talking. Bringing up Libya allows TRUMP to criticize Obama, and it shows the world that Kim is not being pushed around. Trump and Kim are working it so that by the time they meet, the US and North Korea will already be on the same level. The two leaders are maneuvering it so that Kim comes out the ""winner."" This will prevent future problems at home, and it kick starts Kim's career as a statesman, not a dictator. Trump is being very casual. ""If we meet, good. If we don't, oh well."" Trump and Kim are taking all the pressure OFF of Kim. Remember, he's stepping into a total unknown for a North Korean leader. So Trump has volunteered to be the punching bag. All he cares about is results. THEATER, but it's necessary. The change can't be TOO dramatic. It must appear to be an organic growth..."
" The decision by Justice Anthony Hayden of the High Court of Justice Family Division--in regard to Alfie Evans--contains multiple contradictions. Hayden determined that Alfie had no brain function. Yet Alfie's ""suffering"" was cited as a reason to prohibit life-sustaining procedures. Hayden wrote that continuing to treat Alfie ""fails to respect his autonomy."" Yet the court utterly REMOVED Alfie's autonomy by prohibiting further treatment. The entire premise of the High Family Court is flawed to the point of worthlessness. This court exists to address the ""needs"" of the child. The government has ARBITRARILY decided that a stranger is better suited than PARENTS to determine what a child needs. Hayden writes about Alfie, ""He requires peace, quiet and privacy in order that he may conclude his life, as he has lived it, with dignity."" Alfie didn't conclude his life. His life was CONCLUDED FOR HIM. The risk of traveling to Italy was cited. But if Alfie had no brain function, how could he suffer? This is a self-nullifying decision. In reality, if the parents had the means to transport Alfie to Italy for continued treatment, then it should've been done. We can see that the stranger who made the decision contradicted himself so many times that he should not have been given this power. Justice Hayden is not fit to make these decisions. ""Dignity"" is not a rational consideration when making life-and-death decisions. This is leftist dogma. There are two VERY difficult decisions that people make: Abortion and when to allow a loved one to die. Both of these decisions involve ending the lives of those who can't express their wishes. There's no easy answer, but I can tell you what is NOT a solution: Taking the power away from the individual and granting it to strangers who make the decision based on irrelevant considerations. The UK has a long way to go before it recognizes that it's made a catastrophic series of decisions, going back decades. Just read Justice Hayden's decision. It's the stuff of nightmares..."
" Ayatollah Seyed Hossein Shiraz was just arrested for making this speech. He wears a black turban, meaning he's a descendant of Mohammed. He said that the Iranian form of government--Velayat-e faqih, or ""guardianship of the Islamic jurist""--is slavery. So now you have CLERICS calling for a separation of religion and the state in Iran. And now people not cooperating with the ""morality police."" The protests were reconnaissance and the forging of neural pathways, the way a brain grows. After the protests, they waited for a sign. President Trump gave it to them. Nobody in Iran was going to rise up based only on WORDS. We wiped out the Russian-Iranian unit almost to a man. B-52 strategic bombers, AC-130 gunships, F-15 fighters, AH-64 Apache gunships, and US Marine heavy artillery. As a Russian survivor said, ""They made their point."" Remember: This wasn't a SYRIAN unit. This was a RUSSIAN unit. So the Iranians now know that if they rise up, it won't be Iraq in 1991 again. This time we WILL give them help. And they will free themselves. The timetable is set by the Iranians. We'll wait until they begin..."
" Propaganda in Syria. I've been writing about it for almost three years. This is ""Brigadier General Suheil al-Hassan."" A while back, THIS was ""Brigadier General Suheil al-Hassan."" He had an ear transplant, apparently. ALL SIDES in the Syrian conflict put out fake videos. It's the easiest thing in the world to do. Here's the only thing that I can say with 100 percent surety: The Saudis DID NOT fund or train rebels. How do I know? This. It's the American BGM-71 TOW antitank guided missile (ATGM). These are the missiles. Every one of them has control surfaces. Wings. The launcher is called a ""set."" Every single TOW set in Syria is missing a vital part. A thermal sight. The TOW guidance system is called ""SACLOS"". Semi Automatic Command to Line of Sight. When you fire a TOW missile, it reels out two extremely fine copper wires behind it. The gunner looks through a sight that has a cross hair. The missile has a white incandescent beacon its butt. A computer inside the sight watches the beacon. If the gunner keeps the cross hair on the target, the computer will guide the missile right where the gunner is aiming. The computer sends messages to the missile through the copper wires. Those messages control the wings of the missile. But there's a problem. The white, incandescent beacon doesn't work well in smoky, dusty, rainy, or foggy conditions. So the TOW missiles that WE have are fitted with both an incandescent beacon and a thermal beacon filled with Xenon gas. NOT ONE SYRIAN REBEL TOW SET HAS A THERMAL SIGHT. That means that ALL the videos are staged. Men POSING as rebels fired a TOW at nothing, and then professional commandos fired REAL missiles at real targets. This is supposed to be a TOW missile fired by rebels. Well, it's NOT a TOW. It has a Xenon beacon and a radio receiver (red arrow). Since it's guided by radio, that means the frequency is changed millions of times per second. Frequency hopping spread spectrum. The missile can't be jammed. It has no wings, and it has no exhaust port on the butt. The propulsion system is unknown technology. Finally, it had a thermobaric fragmentation warhead. Explosive gas creates a massive shock wave. Razor-sharp steel fragments shred the inside of the building and come out from the window. THIS is child's play. It's a CRAPPY fake. ""We're bombing the Damascus International Airport!"" THIS is an ASTONISHING fake. YouTube took down the video, but I saved screen grabs. Commandos fired a missile with TWO beacons on the butt. The missile is chasing a fleeing vehicle with terrorist commanders in it. Here's how we know that rebels didn't fire this missile. The commando missile gunner SWERVED the missile in midair. First he turned the missile to the right, and then he turned it back so it would hit the front passenger seat at a 90-degree angle. Viewed from above, the trajectory looks like this. The red arrow shows the tailgate of the pickup. The commandos killed an Iranian leader. I'm sure of it. THAT'S how to fake a video. And I'm the only person on earth talking about it..."
" Let's examine a conspiracy theorist's ""investigation."" Remember I told you how conspiracy theorists always lie? Let's count the lies. The Towers had aluminum alloy facades, not steel. The floors were a composite truss system with only 4 inches of concrete. They were NOT reinforced. The steel support columns are called Vierendeel trusses. They're VERY lightweight. What you do is use LOTS of them. The strength comes from the numbers, NOT the material. A jet's wing can't slice through a building? How about a B-25 Mitchell hitting the steel-and-concrete Empire State Building? The B-25 weighed 20,300 pounds and flew at 272 miles per hour. The Boeing 767 in the video weighed 395,000 pounds empty and was flying 540 miles per hour. The final piece of stupidity, insanity, and dishonesty: The wing passing behind the building. Unlike that lying son of a bitch, I found the building in question. The trajectories of the aircraft are the blue and green lines, and the building is marked with a red arrow. So, your conspiracy theorist's ""investigation"" is pure horseshit on every level. ALL conspiracy theorists are lying sons of bitches. Is my position clear enough for you now...?"
" This is what's funny: A certain flock of Twitter gurus say that is off his rocker for saying that Mueller is doing what he was hired to do. Those same gurus told YOU that H. R. McMaster was DRUGGING TRUMP. Also, they said that John Kelly was HOLDING TRUMP PRISONER. Kelly prohibited TRUMP'S FAMILY from seeing him, and Kelly PHYSICALLY BLOCKED Trump from entering his dining room. Only on Twitter is rationality considered insanity, and total howling madness is considered truth..."
" Here's something that the Arab-Israel alliance has done: Taken Israel out of the news. For years, there was a daily headline story about something Israel had done. Those stories are GONE. From January of 2016, SOMEBODY blew up 28 Hamas attack tunnels. They killed all the Hamas fighter IN the tunnels. These tunnels were all in Gaza. It was commando action. The tunnels are state secrets. The location of each one is known only by the unit assigned to it and top Hamas leaders. So 28 times, SOMEBODY infiltrated Gaza, went to the tunnel, killed everybody in it, blew up the tunnel, and escaped. Israel needs time off from the news. Israelis need to recuperate. SOMEBODY is giving Israel that time off. I thought the Middle East would be troubled forever. I was wrong. Peace in three years, maybe less..."
" Comey's latest tweet. Part of a quote from Martin Luther King. ""Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere."" ""We are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny."" ""Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly.” I'm just not getting the ""evil deep-state operative"" vibe. This is a very telling expression and physical posture, on his way across the room to shake hands with Trump. I see shared secrets, humor, deference, and admiration. Comey is currently Trump-trolling. He's very, VERY good at it. Of course I could be wrong, but my guess is he did nothing illegal. Comey was characterized by a grim, stressed-out expression--until he was fired. This is Comey the day after he was fired. We know now that this is indeed him. People have yet to grasp two things: Trump doesn't do ANYTHING in an orthodox fashion. And two, Trump is in total control. Comey is TROLLING people. He's not insane. He's not taunting. Trump's unorthodox approach rubs off on people. As I said, I could be wrong. But. My gut tells me that Comey did nothing illegal, and he's not the man we're being told he is..."
" SEE? THEATER! ""India, bolstered by recent peace signals from North Korea, is moving to strengthen ties with the reclusive regime."" Do you know how HARD IT IS to convince India to commit to ANYTHING that smacks of choosing sides? India and North Korea agreed to cooperate in vocational education, agriculture, pharmaceuticals, traditional medicines and...promotion of yoga. Pompeo said that US private investment in North Korea is definitely on the table, which is something India would want as well. The American press doesn't even read itself. ONE article. ""President Trump, increasingly concerned that his summit meeting in Singapore next month with North Korea’s leader could turn into a political embarrassment..."" ""Has begun pressing his aides and allies about whether he should take the risk of proceeding with a historic meeting that he had leapt into accepting."" ANOTHER article. ""With just one month until a scheduled sit-down with North Korea’s leader, President Donald Trump hasn’t set aside much time to prepare for meeting with Kim Jong Un, a stark contrast to the approach of past presidents."" ""'He doesn’t think he needs to,' said a senior administration official familiar with the President’s preparation."" So Trump is increasingly anxious about the meeting, AND he thinks he doesn't need to prepare for it. WHO KNEW that one man could make total fools of the global press? I sure didn't. I'm positive that Trump is already talking to Kim. It's even likely that they're having fun messing with the press. For someone like Kim Jong-un, being a confidant of Donald Trump would be an offer he simply couldn't turn down. And once they got past the initial tension, everything would be fine. North Korea always pursued nukes because it felt that there was no other way for the nation to be significant. Trump would be able to show Kim and his allies that becoming an economic powerhouse is a far BETTER way to be significant. What makes different from all other American presidents is that he thinks EVERYONE can do better if they try. So he holds EVERYONE to high standards. What a CRAZY NOTION! You mean he doesn't think the North Koreans are losers who can't change? Correct! He doesn't. Do you know who knows more about North Korea than anyone except for the North Koreans? Donald Trump! He's being given information that nobody else is. It's utterly demented that journalists can't see that. They have no idea who PRESIDENT Donald Trump is... ADDENDUM: Oh my gosh. I'm so caught up in the Middle East, and I'm so confident in what's happening in the Pacific that I totally missed THIS. Trump said that China may be--meaning IS--pressuring Kim Jong-un to not accept a deal. The REASON China would do that is to make Trump back off on trade issues with China. Here's what I ALWAYS say about Trump: Trump makes his most staggering statements in an offhand manner. Listen to that video again. Do you know what Trump is offering Kim Jong-un? Trump is offering to free North Korea from China. He said it in plain language. AND NOBODY PICKED UP ON IT. Do you know how EASY it would be for the US to free North Korea from China? All it would take would be a threat to TOTALLY crack down on trade issues. We could collapse the Chinese economy overnight. Trump is the most brilliant geopolitical strategist who ever lived. In exchange for giving up their nukes, North Korea will be freed from China. Don't kid yourselves: The Chinese are tin-plated sons of bitches. Their new culinary triumph is eating cooked but LIVE dogs. I didn't watch the video. But people who do THAT are monsters. And THAT is how Trump will get Kim to agree. We'll free North Korea from China. I am stunned all over again. Trump always finds a solution. ALWAYS..."
" People hate that I make suppositions. Too bad. Watch me make one. ""KIRKUK, Iraq, Feb. 25 (Xinhua) -- The paramilitary fighters of Hashd Shaabi foiled Sunday an attack by a suicide bomber in the ethnically mixed city of Kirkuk, security sources said."" ""The attack occurred at about 6:15 a.m. (0315 GMT) when a suicide bomber tried to enter the base of Asa'ib Ahl al-Haq, which is part of Hashd Shaabi brigades, in central the city of Kirkuk, some 250 km north of Baghdad, a local police source told Xinhua."" ""The guards of the base opened fire on the attacker and blew up his explosive vest, killing him before reaching the entrance of the base, the source said."" Here's the video. It's not gruesome. Watch what happens as the bomber approaches. The bomb was detected with advanced technology. I found the technology. But I won't identify it. I've said for a long time that the bulk of the Al-Hashd Al-Sha'abi (Popular Mobilization Units or PMU) in Iraq have broken away from Iran. SOME of them are still led by Iranians. BUT. This bomb-detection technology is American. What's happening in the Middle East is that many groups are SAYING certain things and doing the opposite. Military deception (MILDEC). The fact that the PMU is using American technology means that THIS particular unit is not anti-American. They may SAY they are, but we don't give advanced technology to our enemies. This is called a ""preference cascade."" More and more people are saying, ""To hell with the way we did things. I'm sick of it. Let's change everything radically."" It takes INCREDIBLE GUTS to do that. We live in an amazing era..."
" On tweet storms. . He joined in August of 2017. Look at his follower count. @Imperator_Rex3 (2) He began writing tweet storms only recently. Most people WANT high-quality thinking. will hit 100,000 followers easily, and he'll have done it entirely with his content. Something to think about..."
" Thread about visual trademarks. Politicians with visual trademarks are almost always bad news. One can argue that Trump's hair is his trademark, but he isn't a politician. Also, Trump developed his hairstyle decades before he ran for office. CAREER politicians with visual trademarks are generally bad news. A visual trademark is for idiots. A politician with a visual trademark is almost certainly NOT going to help us but will instead enrich his or herself. The visual trademark is usually a sign of bad news on ANYBODY famous, except for entertainers. William Kunstler would put on a SECOND PAIR of glasses to read things. The visual trademark is a red flag: NOTHING IS REAL TO THESE PEOPLE. Your suffering means nothing to them. A visual trademark is how they recognize each other. They immediately see that the other person is another curruptoid, so they can do business together. Which brings me back to Donald Trump. Did you know that his hair is real? It isn't a wig or a comb-over. Another one. If that's is indeed Trump's real hair, why does he wear like that? You know what I think? I think Trump wears his hair in a visual trademark in order to fool the REAL corruptoids into thinking he's one of them. I think THAT is how Trump gained access to so many people. He fooled them and USED THEM. Why? Because someday he would be president, and he needed to have seen everything for himself. He needed to spy on the enemy. If I'm right, it means that Trump began planning for his presidency 40 years ago. That's almost certainly true. Trump has walked among enemies for four decades. Again, I DID NOT THINK TRUMP WAS SERIOUS. THEN I thought he was serious but wouldn't win. After the second GOP debate, I knew he'd win. And since he's taken office, he's PROVED to me that he'll be our greatest president. He already is. There were always a few little things here and there about Trump that seemed out of character. I won't tell you what they are, because I now realize that they're part of the disguise. And I won't unmask him. Is it possible that a 30-year-old man figured out the best ways to make sure he'd be president in 40 years? You bet. If that 30-year-old man was Donald J. Trump, that is..."
" In Saudi Arabia, the mosques are now all monitored, and clerics must follow government guidelines for their sermons. The Stealth Reformation already took place. It was lightning fast and bloodless. These are former allies of the Iranians mullahs. This is video is--in actual fact--apostasy, punishable by death. But they made it anyway. Click ""CC."" I'm positive that the old commando is an Iraqi Jew, back home from Israel. He always covered his head indoors. He also has a VOIP phone. It's the Peryphon TA-1087 REG Peryphon is an Israeli company. Look at the guy on the left, after the old commando uncovered his head. Can you read his expression? He's looking at the old guy's head. He's ashamed. He doesn't think it's right. I'm not a soldier, but my guess is that genuine combat veterans would look at these men and conclude that they're the real thing. Combat veterans develop a bond that nobody else has. I think the old commando uncovered his head to keep the peace, as it were. He didn't want to make his Jewishness an issue. See, it's a civilian cameraman. But the commando's colleagues don't care what others think. This is their friend. Look at the expressions of all three men as they regard the cameraman. They're not happy. But the old commando is joking about the homemade weapon, calling the ultimate in Islamic State technology, a combination washer-drier. Look at the quite terrifying man on the left. He cracks up. There's other video of this squad. They fought nonstop. The man second from the left wore TWO flak vests. And the old commando gave the Deputy Commander of the Counter Terrorism Service tours. The Iraqis are asking for their Jewish citizens to come home. I think it's VERY possible that the men in the video above were trained in Israel, and then the old commando--an IDF veteran--came home with them. The best way to protect Jewish Iraqis is to have Iraqi allies who would kill anybody who harmed them. Look at the men above. Would you mess with the old commando under any circumstances...? "
" brings up another historical inaccuracy that must be addressed. Part One. Part Two. The Einsatzgruppen (""Mission Units"") were Nazis who murdered Jewish people during the invasion of Russia that began on June 22, 1941. In reality, the Nazis switched from killing with guns to killing by gas in part because the murderers were succumbing to the stress of murder. This isn't a secret. Multiple historians have recorded this. Am I saying the murderers were good men? No. They were murderers. But the reality is that they began drinking heavily and crapping out. 's point of view reminds me of the argument that this photo should never be shown. That's Adolf Hitler. It's a STUPID position to argue that we need to censor reality in order to present evildoers as cartoon characters. It's very easy to figure out: The Nazis who murdered with machine guns and rifles WENT INTO IT all happy and excited. Then the reality of their actions caught up to them. Why the hell would you want to censor that? Shouldn't everybody be TAUGHT that committing murder destroys you? Here's hat nobody talks about: Not a single German soldier was punished for refusing to commit murder. In every unit assigned to commit murder, a handful of men flat-out refused. They were always transferred. This has been thoroughly studied. The book Hitler's Willing Executions, by Daniel Goldhagen, documents the same phenomenon: German soldiers were not punished for refusing to commit murder. After the war, the Germans came up with that excuse. ""They would have killed us if we'd spoken out!"" Which brings me back to one of my favorite stories. General Paul von Lettow-Vorbeck, the most successful guerilla of all time. He led African troops against the British in World War One. And he never lost. When the war ended, he refused to stop fighting until he got his orders in writing. Back in Germany, he became an outspoken critic of the Nazis. While others fled, the general stayed in Germany and gave interviews and speeches denouncing Hitler. Finally Hitler summoned him to the Reich Chancellery and praised him to the skies. In a room full of dignitaries, Hitler offered the general the ambassadorship to the British court. Von Lettow-Vorbeck stood, straightened his jacked, and said, ""Go f*ck yourself."" Then he walked out. The Nazis didn't touch him for the whole war. The von Lettow-Vorbeck went after the WEST GERMAN government for not giving his African troops pensions. They got their pensions. Paul von Lettow-Vorbeck died in 1964 at the age of 93. He feared no man and no thing. Be this guy... "
" I'd hoped to bring sanity to this issue, but I see that it isn't possible. There's no conspiracy. This kid just wanted to be famous. Here's what leftists are saying. Criticizing the exploitation of atrocities for political gain is more disgusting than any other action taken by any other human in our entire history. By criticizing the exploitation of a mass shooting for political gain, I become more disgusting than Kim Jong-un. ""A confirmed favorite tactic, blowing people away with anti-aircraft guns, leave victims unrecognizable."" They're talking about the ZSU-23-2. So, criticizing political opportunism is more disgusting than using 23mm cannons on people. NOT TO BE OUTDONE, the right wing is now pushing the ""false flag"" narrative, which it does after EVERY MASS SHOOTING. He's a plant! He's being coached! He's a crisis actor! No. He just wanted to be famous. Leftist political activists and right conspiracy theorists are a married couple. They're deeply in love with each other, because they NEED each other. So I'll leave you lovebirds to roll around in bed until you're satiated. I have better things to do than to watch you humping each other..."
" The entire family knew. And they're lying. I've done tons of research on criminality. Here's what I learned: EVERYBODY ALWAYS KNOWS THAT SOMETHING IS WRONG. To be clear: Only the mass murderer is to blame. I'm not BLAMING the family. But here's the tip-off to me that everyone knew that something terrible was coming: ""He's just a guy!"" No. Their father was a CAREER BANK ROBBER. The most talkative brother says he grew up ""on the run."" The murderer had 27 RESIDENCES. He has virtually no employment record. He disappeared for six months at at time. Sometimes he gambled $30,000 a night. One brother hadn't spoken to him in ten years. The other brother can't get his stories straight. The murderer was an accountant, a multimillionaire, had no job, was a regular guy, was not like anyone else... When people say, ""As far as I know,"" it's a TELL. They're saying, ""Don't blame ME!"" And I'm NOT blaming the family. What I'm saying is that people are making this into an unfathomable mystery WHEN IT ISN'T. Let's put all the pieces together: This is a man who was the son of a career bank robber. The father evaded capture for years. The father also escaped from prison and evaded capture a SECOND TIME. So the son of the career bank robber has 27 residences and disappears for up to six months at a time. The father was always armed and had the nicknames ""Big Daddy,"" ""Chromedome"" and ""Old Baldy."" And the father was OFFICIALLY CLASSIFIED BY THE FBI as a psychopath. The jabbering brother says, ""His life is an open book. It's all in the public record."" Two lies. Why are there only two known photos of the mass murderer? Because he avoided being photographed. That's what CAREER CRIMINALS DO. We're told that the mass murderer made his living as a gambler. Do you know anything about gambling? There's an old saying: ""The house always wins."" You CAN'T make a lavish living by gambling. In Las Vegas, the high-stakes gamblers are given free rooms and free food and booze. Why? Because the casinos make back the cost of the free room, food, and booze. Gamblers always lose. So don't let people tell you that this mass murderer is a mystery. He's not. His entire family knew he was OFF. Just like Big Daddy was OFF. A family can't actually do much to stop one of their own. But the knee-jerk reaction is to say, ""Not MY fault."" Jeffrey Dahmer lived in his grandmother's basement, where he committed murders. He dismembered his victims, doused the parts in acid, and washed everything down a drain in the cement floor. His grandmother complained to a friend about the terrible stench coming from the basement. ""I don't know what that boy is doing down there, and I don't WANT to know,"" she said. The grandmother let Jeffrey--a twice-convicted sex offender--live in her basement for SEVEN YEARS. The Las Vegas mass murderer is in no way a shock, a surprise, or inexplicable. He was the psychopathic son of a psychopathic career criminal. The whole family knew that a disaster was coming. Understandably, they just don't want to admit that now. The point is, DON'T BE FOOLED. This is an open-and-shut case, about as clear cut as they come. ADDENDUM: shows me that Fox has confirmed everything I said. Big Daddy--""Bingo Bruce""--had multiple fake names. He ""lived a secret life"" for ten years as a bingo-parlor manager. Why do career criminals claim to be gamblers? Because you don't need to launder the funds. Thus we see that the father taught the mass murderer how to ""live off the grid,"" as rightly put it."
" This is truck facing the camera. You can see the two headlights. Saudi Patriot missiles are fired from mobile launchers. The launch. But that Saudi missile is hauling ass. Much faster than a Patriot. The Saudis also have the Raytheon Hawk. But again, the missile in the video is going about three times as fast. My guess is it's a new weapon, designed by Israel. Watch the video again. That thing is almost too fast to see. They shot it down over open land, so that the wreckage wouldn't hit anyone. The firing sequence is all automatic, I'm sure."
" ""A young girl who gathered waste from the garbage in a cold, dark day, Woman's Day - March 17th - Happy Birthday to my sister."" He seems to be saying that Iranian women will be freed on March 17, 2018. This a threat against Khamenei, but I simply can't translate it. The man's tattoos and extremely powerful-but-thin arms are probably significant. The western press seems to be completely unaware of THIS. March 17, 2018, is when Iranians make bonfires and jump over them in a Zoroastrian tradition. It could be that this year, a new tradition will be created..."
" The mission of our troops in Niger. We're part of a 5000-man force led by France. This force works with 35,000 local troops. The 12 Special Forces were and 30 Nigerien (people from Niger) troops were ambushed by technicals. Initially the Special Forces thought they could handle the attack. After an hour, they requested reinforcements. An armed drone arrived within minutes. French attack aircraft arrived an hour after the call for help. The French jets caused the terrorists to flee. Then French helicopter gunships and a Nigerien special-forces unit arrived. The two wounded Americans were evacuated by the French DURING THE FIREFIGHT. This was THE PLAN in case of emergency. Thus a plan was in place, so there's no need for congressional hearings. END OF STORY. French, American, and Nigerien troops were on the ground FOR TWO DAYS, until they found Sergeant Johnson. This is NOT Benghazi, much less ""Benghazi on Steroids."" Anyone who claims that is a LIAR. Here's how stupid and dishonest reporters are: Dunford: ""Approximately 800 service members in Niger work as part of an international effort, led by 4,000 French troops."" Reporter: ""If the French have to come and help out, doesn't that raise the question of is there enough American equipment there?"" The campaign IS LED BY THE FRENCH. The General Dunford just said that. WE are part of a FRENCH-LED EFFORT. The FRENCH are in charge. The French DID NOT HAVE TO ""HELP OUT."" WE are helping THE FRENCH. How hard is that to understand? A warning to Democrats: Republican Senators Corker and Flake just got tossed out their jobs for opposing trump. What do you think will happen TO DEMOCRATS who are blaming Trump for EVERYTHING? I'll tell you what'll happen: ELECTORAL EXTERMINATION. You're going to be wiped out. Don't believe me? Be patient. You'll see..."
" WELL LOOKEE HERE. ""Col. Dewitt Morgan, the director of spaces forces at U.S. Air Force Central Command, tasks two of his officers join the team crafting an attack plan."" ""Space electronic warfare Capt. Andrew ""Ghost"" Harris and space weapons officer Capt. Ryan ""Pippin"" Foster have an urgent task—to make sure the coming allied strike takes full advantage of U.S. satellites in orbit."" SPACE WEAPONS OFFICER?! I think we can take that as a confirmation of these. From Popular Mechanics: ""Satellites have been strategic systems used for long-term strategy. Now, satellites are becoming a tool for tactical strikes."" ""In a speech Heather Wilson, the secretary of the Air Force, dubs the weapons used in the airstrikes 'more precise than any military in the history of man. And that's brought to us by space and airpower, precision weapons, and very brave people.'"" ""VERY BRAVE PEOPLE."" She's talking about people on the ground. Commandos. Infiltrators. NOW you can use ""reputable"" sources and not just me. That's my real brain. by the way. From an MRI. I scaled it to my skull size. DAMN, I have a tiny brain. The only thing missing from the Popular Mechanic article is satellites with tungsten rods. And you can bet they're up there... ADDENDUM: Reading between the lines, it appears that we use Rods From God in Syria. Hence the very brave people. For 100 percent accuracy, you need people on the ground marking the targets..."
" I'm back! Twitter had to punish me for going public with the fact that I didn't write this tweet. So my account was limited because of this tweet. I was using a Jew-hater's own words against him. The censored word rhymes with ""pikes."" I appealed, because I clearly DID NOT violate Twitter's Rules. I was DEFENDING the Jewish people and mocking a demented Jew-hater. But Twitter didn't respond. Why not? Because Twitter has no leg to stand on, as the company knows. Note Twitter's Rules: ""Promote violence against, threaten, or harass."" Obviously the tweet in question did none of those things. Also, Twitter Rules include age, disability, or serious disease as off limits for harassment. I get harassed all the time for being old and having PTSD. But it's FINE, because I support Donald Trump. So what I did last night was use the Advanced Search function, and I deleted ALL MY TWEETS that quote others' language. Twitter will have to work REALLY HARD to do this to me again. That was the second time I've been limited for a tweet I sent in 2015. A message for Twitter: You can ban me. That won't stop Trump. The demon makes the most commotion before it's forced out. Leftists are now 100 percent irrational. This is leftism. Pure mental illness, negativity, hypocrisy, rage, and hate. BUT NONE OF THAT WILL STOP TRUMP. The Houthis fired their 88th ballistic missile at Saudi Arabia. THIS is news, because the missiles are coming from Iran. The mullahs are toast. But what do Democrats talk about? A single word that Trump didn't even say. You people are nonfunctional. You waste time on total superficiality. ONE WORD. Low-hanging fruit that makes you feel superior. Well, I'm, older than the twerps who limited my account. I can see the vast changes for the better that are occurring. I'll tell you what your problem is. The REASON I'll tell you is that you won't listen, so I'm not helping you. You hate and ""resist"" a who doesn't exist. He's a hallucination. YOUR hallucination. You know what we call people who fight hallucinations? Crazy. The REAL Donald Trump mercilessly USES your craziness against you. Thus you have rendered yourself defenseless against him. So go ahead and play your little games with Twitter users who don't matter in the great scheme of things. It won't stop Trump. Ha."
" At the risk of making people think I'm even crazier than I'm accused of being... I think we're in Armageddon. I'm not religious, but I'm a theist. I studied every religion. @battlefrontgen1 (3) As a lapsed Catholic, I know all about exorcisms. ""Of Exorcisms and Certain Supplications."" ""The Devil and other demons were created by God naturally good, but they became evil by their own action."" I believe that God is governed by one law, that we must all have perfect free will. This is why all sorts of bad things happen to good people. We can't live in a safari park, safe from all danger. Free will is the only way we can grow and improve. Is there a Satan and demons? I don't know. But I think evil itself could be called Satan, and I think people embrace that evil knowingly. I think we're living in a time in which people are choosing sides. My brother and I were being tortured at swimming pools. @battlefrontgen1 (11) It was Chinese people spitting and blowing their noses in the pool and refusing any form of communication. Just for the heck of it, I looked up Chinese demons, and damned if I did find the spitters and nose blowers. AND it turns out that they're Daoist RAIN DEMONS. Rain. Water. Pool. Spitting. So yeah, I think the negativity is not natural. But. Catholicism taught me that evil has already been defeated. The demons put up the biggest fight before they're exorcised. In the latest Weinstein story, he may as well be a demon. ""Let's cut to the chase. Get up to my room."" When she said no, he said, ""All right. Get out. You're done."" Did you hear the other audio tape? Sounds like a demon to me. Mel Gibson and Robert Blake, roaring like demons. That's why CREATURES like this are popping up. They're low-quality demons. The whole thing already blew up in her face. So don't be worried. They were already defeated. But they'll make a lot of noise before they disappear..."
" That's totally insane. The Iraqi army disintegrated in June of 2014, and then the PMU were formed. The PMU and the Iraqi Special Forces then collapsed in Ramadi in 2015. American air strikes were ineffective because Obama didn't allow joint terminal attack controllers (JTACs)--airmen on the ground--in Iraq. Both Iran and the US failed. It was Saudi Arabia who saved the day. Yemeni Special Forces, trained and equipped by Saudi Arabia. Guess who these guys are? Surprise! Moqtada al-Sadr's Peace Brigades. Iran had nothing to do with the Iraqis' defeat of the Islamic State..."
" Today in the Middle East. “'For the past 40 years, the Palestinian leadership has missed opportunities again and again, and rejected all the offers it was given,' the Saudi leader reportedly said."" ""'It’s about time that the Palestinians accept the offers, and agree to come to the negotiating table — or they should shut up and stop complaining,' he reportedly went on."" DON'T be surprised if the Saudis deny this. Straight Sun Tzu. The Palestinians' heads are spinning. Now Qatar. The Qataris LEAKED the fact that Iran's lackey were shaking down Qatar to the tune of billions. This kind of admission IS NEVER DONE in the Middle East. It shows two things: One, Middle Eastern leaders are now able to say, ""We screwed up."" Ask ANY Middle Easterner. That's a HUGE leap forward. The second thing these leaked messages show is that the shakedown has been exposed. That means it's over. adds another piece to the puzzle. ""Is 's Khamenei sending a message of surrender through Qatar?"" How is that possible, you ask? Well, if you eat away at the mullahs' security apparatus until they no longer HAVE a security apparatus, what can the mullahs' do? Just a few days ago, THIS GUY was boasting about how Trump didn't know who he was messing with. Trump and his closest geopolitical allies operate in total secrecy. It's the only way to win. The reversal of fortune for the Yemeni Houtis is quite stunning. It took almost three years to prepare the battlefield. And then when the 19 simultaneous ground offensives began, the Houthis had no defenses. Trump and his closest geopolitical allies also use double agents. He have high-level Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps officers helping us. How did we manage that? No leaks. Aldrich Ames of the CIA and and Robert Hanssen of the FBI spied for the Soviets and Russians. Those two men negated DECADES' worth of American espionage, and they caused the deaths of maybe hundreds. Trump didn't take a chance with the CIA and the FBI. He uses the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), and he allows his representatives to operate autonomously. No leaks. AND we're relying on intelligence from Saudi Arabia. The Saudis do the legwork. They've got Trump's promise of support, so there's no need to create a giant network that can leak and cost people their lives. As demonstrated with North Korea, the goal isn't ""victory."" The goal is IMPROVEMENT. When people know that their faces won't be ground into their defeat, they cooperate. North Korea is saying THEY initiated everything. I predict that when Trump meets Kim Jong-un, Trump will THANK Kim for initiating everything. This is a unique era. NATIONALISM is allowing for REAL internationalism. When your own country is on solid footing, THEN you can engage in ventures that help the globe. BUT. Nobody is being asked to surrender their NATIONAL IDENTITY. Therefore while globalism is defeated, we end up with a more PEACEFUL, more STABLE, more PROSPEROUS globe. Yes, for the millionth time, IS THAT BRILLIANT. I feel no stress whatsoever. Everything is unfolding the way it would if Trump were in charge. That means he IS in charge..."
" Watch how a propagandist tries to swivel-hip her way out of the fact that she was caught lying. The accusation. The debunking of the accusation. The attempted changing of the subject. Before I tweeted the Facebook post, I searched for an hour to see if anyone had debunked it as a hoax. I found nothing. The rodeo clown made her accusation on October 17. She was in the limousine with Mrs. Johnson and heard only part of the call. So far nobody has said a thing about the Facebook post. Look it up on Google. Not a word..."
" allows me to explain why this is madness on every level. Prince Alwaleed bin-Talal has been released. The Saudis don't release attempted assassins. Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman travels with approximately one company of Saudi Special Forces. It's unclear how many weapons they bring with them. My guess is that we have depots already here, so they don't have to BRING weapons. When the Crown Prince travels, he rents the ENTIRE HOTEL. It's totally cleared out. When the FBI carries out sting operations involving terrorists, men of the Hostage Rescue Team are in the next room. Sting operations against terrorists don't involve functional weapons. Obama's ""Fast and Furious"" was a gun WALKING operation carried out by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives. They used ""straw buyers"" in an attempt to trace the weapons and therefore discover the final source. Gun walking is not carried out by the FBI. AND gun walking takes place at gun stores, not hotels. You're thinking of the movie ""Taxi Driver,"" which was not real life. The Islamic State ITSELF took credit for the Las Vegas mass shooting. Therefore it was not a ""false flag."" However. The Islamic State never released what it said was the shooter's martyrdom video. Therefore the Islamic State LIED. The shooter was raised by a career criminal who molested him. The shooter and at least one brother are pedophiles. The family is about as dysfunctional as you can get. No mystery here. An open-and-shut case. Without a doubt..."
" THIS makes more sense than the ABC News claim. ABC quoted an ""unnamed senior intelligence official"" who said the following: The 12-man American unit in Niger was undertaking an Advise and Assist operation (A&A). Suddenly these advisers were ordered to capture or kill a high-value terrorist. Here's the ABC report. I knew that this was a total fabrication, designed to blame the Trump administration. The lying intelligence official said this: ""The French saved our men. Yes, we lost four. But we would have lost everybody if it wasn't for the French.” This lying son of a bitch--like ALL Democrats, I guess--is using fallen soldiers to score political points. The reality is that this is a FRENCH MISSION. Operation Barkhane. WE are there to help the FRENCH. I knew that the ""unnamed intelligence official"" was lying, because the US Army doesn't suddenly throw men into combat. The NBC story is probably not true, but at least the lying, asshole Democrats in the intelligence community are admitting defeat. NOW the story is that the 12-man US Army team and their 30 Nigerien colleagues were TRACKING the high-value target. As I said, this is almost certainly not true, because again, advisors don't do this kind of work. Remember: The rules of engagement prohibit US forces from entering areas where they may encounter the enemy in combat. NBC says that the team that was ambushed was tracking the terrorist in support of an unnamed unit of soldiers and civilians. I still don't buy it. The other unit would have to be Delta Force, Navy SEALs, and CIA Special Activities Division Special Operations Group. The government of Niger doesn't let us use armed drones, so the second unit was using an unarmed Reaper. An Advise and Assist team wouldn't be used in support of soldiers and spooks tracking a high-value terrorist. Either NBC's sources are morons conflating two different missions, or they're liars, like the ABC source. At any rate, the corrupt Democrats in the intelligence community are backing off the lie that the ambushed team was improperly used. My guess is that everyone expected Trump to say, ""As commander-in-chief, I take full responsibility."" See, that's what previous presidents always did, because it was seen as somehow honorable. But it was an obvious trap. Therefore Trump said, ""I didn't order this mission."" Now what? By refusing the play by the enemy's rules, Trump completely demolished their disgusting plan. The reality is, NOBODY IS TO ""BLAME,"" BECAUSE NOBODY DID ANYTHING WRONG. The Democrats and John McCain can't hang generals for this, so the truth will come out, and the people who lied will pay the price. I'm sure that some of you thought that Trump should've ""taken responsibility,"" BUT THAT'S THE TRAP THEY SET FOR HIM. Trump gave his generals a heads-up, I'm sure, so they don't feel that he hung them out to dry. We have to make these hideous, inhuman Democrats pay a price for doing this. I applaud President Trump for once again outsmarting his enemies. The Democrats are about to be delivered into the annihilation that is their God. Nobody deserves it more..."
" I can't get inside the heads of the accusers. All I can tell you is that in forty years of making VERY powerful enemies, nobody ever even HINTED that Roy Moore had ever done anything like this. But. This is a period in which women are coming forward in huge number, naming men who they say have sexually assaulted them. In Hollywood, in news rooms, and in Washington, men are being named. To the casual observer, Roy Moore might seem like a rigid throwback to the days when women had far fewer rights. I don't think that's true, but I understand how people could think that. Remember ""fake but true""? The accusations are fake, but they represent a greater truth? Also, keep in mind ""By any means necessary."" To a very large number of Americans, Roy Moore represents a threat that makes them hysterical. Angry, frightened people are easy to manipulate by being told ""You're doing the right thing"" and ""You have a duty to stop this man!"" Basically it's the mob mentality. People do this as part of a movement, but they wouldn't do those things as individuals..."
" Anybody familiar with Cyborg Santos of Mixed Martial Arts fame? This is why I always you NEVER FIGHT WITH STRANGERS. A fraction of a second. The aftermath. Before surgery. After surgery. He retired, of course. I don't watch MMA. But I wanted YOU to be aware of what someone can do to you if you let them get close..."
" The Turks use the jihadist playbook. Why would the Kurds attack hospitals? This is so transparently false. Also, there were no patients there. The staff wouldn't remove ALL THE MATTRESSES. The report begins with a brief flash of a scene they apparently forgot to take out. You can see that they broke the glass with sledgehammers. The blood is still bright red after several hours? Here's a second report by the same media outlet. Why would the YPG want to ""cause as much havoc as possible""? NOW they're saying the damage was caused by mortars. The YPG are not IN the city of Azaz. This was clearly an attack carried out by the Turks or their rebel allies, which is being used as a pretext for Turkish intervention. This all very old school. The Turks have yet to accept that it's a new world. I have no doubt that this guy is a Turk. This is his comment on the first video. And another. The US isn't involved in this particular shindig. The fake American is saying the sort of thing that a crazed Turk would THINK an American would say. The Turks have a massive problem: They worship Kemal Atatürk AND they're Islamists. Here's what Atatürk said about Islam. HIS words, not mine. The Turks are therefore moving away from Atatürk and looking back to the Ottoman Empire, which was Islamist. We're letting OTHERS handle this. When asked, we just say, ""Turkey's cool! Turkey's ALL RIGHT! Turkey's our pal!"" Here's how Erdogan and everyone else--except for Trump--thinks. ""Experts say Saudi Arabia's ambitions are limited by its military, which is considered an ineffective force even though the kingdom is one of the world's largest spenders on defense."" ""'The fact is, Iran is better at doing this stuff,' said Michael Knights, a Lafer fellow at The Washington Institute who specializes in the military and security affairs of Iraq, Iran, and the Persian Gulf."" ""'There's nobody in the Iranian General Staff that's afraid of Saudi Arabia on the ground,' Knights said."" ""Saudi Arabia is one of the best-equipped nations in the world. Yet the Saudi military does not strike fear into the hearts of its adversaries, or would-be foes."" Let me show that all of YOU are smarter than the press and every think tank in the world. First, the quote: ""Saudi Arabia, however, has not deployed significant land forces into Yemen that would be required to win on the battlefield."" So what does that tell you? RIGHT! The Saudi goal is NOT to win a conventional war on the battlefield. They're doing OTHER things. These things require time and patience. In the meantime, it's to the Saudis' ADVANTAGE that Erdogan and Iran don't fear them. Ask Donald Trump what happens when people arrogantly dismiss you. HA... ADDENDUM: Ask fifty ""experts,"" get fifty opinions. This was strategic deception by the Saudis. The Saudi Arabian National Guard (SANG) never went to Yemen. But. ""According to Chris Harmer of the Institute for the Study of War, the SANG is one of the Middle East's most capable armed forces."" I knew that. But I didn't know THIS until right this moment: ""The SANG first began to effectively modernize and train in 1975 with significant help from the Vinnell Corporation, an American defense contractor. The training emphasized counterinsurgency operations and was carried out by a force of 1,000 US Vietnam veterans."" So I did a little on the the SANG, and I found ""Saudi Arabia National Guard,"" by Colonel Bandar O. Nahil al-Harbi, US Army War College. Colonel al-Harbi graduated from the US Army War College in 1991. Here's what he writes: King Fahd bin Abdulaziz Al Saud took the throne in 1982. You know what this means? The Saudis began planning their freedom from radicalism in 1982. THAT is when they started the process of integrating the three armed forces, and that's when they adopted an ethos of not interfering in the affairs of other nations. You know what I'm betting? Donald Trump was told about the long-term plan, and he agreed to help at the proper time. ""Mr. Trump, we're ready."" ""All right. I'll get elected in 2016, and then we can start."" I'll bet that's EXACTLY what happened..."
" protected me from a dreadfully offensive comment. First the warning. Brace yourselves. This is going to be hard reading. Ready? May God forgive me... "
" How tight a ship does run? Look at the leaks from the Bush and Obama administrations. What have we heard from Trump? Remember all the yapping about Trump's new Afghanistan policy? The Pentagon says it's been implemented. IN AUGUST. No leaks. This is a new kind of president, with a new kind of allies. They believe in what they're doing, so they don't run to the press. We're lucky to have this president. Be grateful."
" This is called ""wish casting."" ""Exercises conducted by the IDF over the past two years include simulations of the recapture and liberation of Israeli localities, occupied briefly by Hezbollah."" "" That group's concentrated firepower, backed by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and Iran, can create a situation in which Israel's enemies are not the only ones to pay a steep price for getting into a conflict with it."" Hezbollah's ""concentrated firepower."" Well... First of all, Hezbollah makes deals. It doesn't fight. The US stepped in and prevented the Islamic State from heading toward Iraq. Then Assad's Clown Army advanced past the stranded buses, and the Islamic State became Iran's problem again. Also, Hezbollah has weapons that are nearly a century old. This is the Browning Model 1919. It's brand new. Never been fired. This is the rate of fire of the M1919. In world War II, the Germans built the first rocket interceptor, the Messerschmitt Me-163 Komet. It had two powerful 30mm cannons, but the rate of fire was so slow that American bombers flew BETWEEN the rounds. The Komet had only an 8-minute flight time, so it whooshed past only once, going, Dug...Dug...Dug...Dug...Dug. Then it had to glide to earth. Hezbollah is like the Nazi Komet. The Komet had massive firepower that was almost worthless. If Hezbollah attacks--with its Model 1919 machine guns--it will face weapons that we can't comprehend. This was filmed in Iraq in 2017. The footage was recovered from the body of a dead terrorist. I have no idea what this weapon is. But it's real. It's time for people to move on from fantasy and accept cold, hard reality. Hezbollah. Israel's allies in the Gulf Cooperation Council. Just give up, Hezbollah. You don't have even a ghost of a chance..."
" People are telling me why Ben Shapiro doesn't like Trump. Shapiro finds Trump ""immoral."" Let me tell you the astonishing story of Francis Carpenter. This is the only known photo of him. Francis Carpenter was an actor who was part of Orson Welles's Mercury Theater Players. By all accounts, he was the gayest man who ever lived. Screeching, flouncing, mincing gay. When Carpenter was at Welles's apartment and the phone rang, he'd pick up and say, ""Orson Welles's maid. How can I help you?"" After Pearl Harbor, Welles received multiple deferments until May 6, 1943, when he was declared 4-F at the age of 28. Neither Welles nor the War Department ever disclose why he was rejected for service. Francis Carpenter was 39 years old when the US declared war. He spent a year trying to get into the services. At the age of 40, he was allowed to join the navy. Carpenter became a coxswain: He piloted landing craft. Before the Anzio landings, the army discovered that all its information about the beaches was a wrong. So Carpenter volunteered to go ashore and do reconnaissance. The officers thought he was insane, but he asked, ""Do you have a better solution?"" They didn't. So he went ashore unarmed and scouted the beaches. He fired a flare pistol to indicate that he'd found a pathway that avoided the minefields. He FOUND the pathway by walking through fields and not blowing up. THAT was Francis Carpenter's version of mine detection. The first wave of infantry landed, but the officers were reluctant to move forward. So Carpenter volunteered a SECOND time. An armed scout accompanied him. The guy didn't listen to Carpenter, so he stepped on a landmine and was killed. Carpenter was thrown 20 yards into the brush but unharmed. He continued scouting. When Carpenter found a home, he went and discovered a terrified Italian family. So he sang ""La Donna e Mobile"" from the Rigoletto to them. This cracked them up and relaxed them. So they gave him wine and intelligence. On the way back to the beach, Carpenter was accosted by two Italian soldiers. He charged them, disarmed them, and took them prisoner. Carpenter arrived on the beach with his prisoners and their two submachine guns, which he handed over because he hated guns. As he led the infantry through the only safe areas, Carpenter pointed a villa where he'd attended a party thrown by a duchess nine years earlier. ""It was a dreadful affair. Nobody got along,"" he told the infantry commander, who included this in his report. Due to his astonishing bravery, Carpenter--at the age of 42--was allowed to transfer into the infantry. He hit the beach on D-Day and repeated what he did at Anzio: found safe passage. From D-Day until the end of the war, Carpenter volunteered for every suicide mission. The most extreme was going hand over hand under a bridge to plant explosives. In September of 1945, Carpenter used the money he got from the G.I. Bill to pay for a concert by Maggie Teyte. She performed in Washington DC for Truman, and the proceeds went to French orphans, who Carpenter had gotten to know in Normandy. Carpenter spent the equivalent of $15,000 to put on the concert. Unlike most men of the era, Carpenter LOVED to tell war stories. He dined out on them for the rest of his life, much to Orson Welles's rage. Carpenter always made his stories funny and self-deprecating, to hide the fact that he was one of the bravest men who ever served. If you listened to him, you heard a flamboyant gay man camping it up. Under that disguise, he was one of our greatest heroes. So I have no patience for people who don't get Trump. They're idiots..."
" THIS video says that the Bakhtiari--who are Lurish, not Arabs or Persians--have joined with the Arabs out of solidarity. Freedom Messenger predicts that the video will be described as ""degenerate"" by the Iranian security apparatus. As far as I know, we've never seen the various ethnic groups in Iran recognized as distinct but united in their opposition. This tells me that people have been reassured that their future in the post-mullah Iran will be bright. People have yet to grasp that the Saudi ethos is one of self-determination. In the past, minorities joined with dictators for protection. That won't be necessary in the new Middle East. Persecution of minorities will not be allowed..."
" Another prediction comes true. I said the Kurds wouldn't want an independent Kurdistan, and I was right. The Syrian Kurds want a Syrian federation. They want a FEDERAL STATE, not a nation. ""Rezan Gilo, the joint chief of defense in Syrian Kurdistan (Rojava), told Kurdistan 24 the SDF, which is led by the Kurdish People’s Protection Units (YPG), would consider joining the Syrian army."" ""'There is no problem for our forces to join the Syrian army if a new Syrian constitution is drafted on a federal basis and the rights of all the Syrian components are reserved,' Gilo stated. That's where we're headed. The Assad dictatorship is over, and Syria will become a federation. Since Assad and Putin are making such a big production about having won the war, my guess is that Assad will then magnanimously step down, for the sake of Syria. The only people left to defeat in Syria are the Iranians and possibly Hezbollah. But Hezbollah may already be neutralized..."
" asks a question. It's about control. By refusing to trust Trump, you give yourself the illusion of control. PROVED to me that he knows what he's doing, so that freed me up to do other things. Trump delegates. In the same way, I delegated politics to Trump. GENUINE delegation means that you're NOT paying attention to what the ""employee"" is doing. The president is both our leader AND our employee. People refuse to let go of their illusion of control. Today the sky was filled with vapors trails going between Edwards Air Force Bases and Vandenberg Air Force Base. People think these are ""chem trails"" because they need the illusion of control over SOMETHING. By embracing the notion of ""chem trails,"" they have special insider knowledge. The bad guys haven't fooled THEM! But there's no such thing as chem trails. This is from 1944, when there were no operational jet transports. Nobody was spraying chemicals in 1944. There were far MORE vapor trails in the sky thirty years ago than there are now. But you have to study aviation technology in order to know that. I'm actually terrified of flying, even though I'm not afraid death. It's a completely irrational fear, as I admit. But I can't get over it. My fear is the dive into the ground. I know that I wouldn't feel anything on impact. There's a video to which I will NOT link. A young man in India tried to take a selfie video next to a moving express train. He misjudged the width of the the train. The moment of impact was captured. You can see that he's dead while still smiling and standing upright. He didn't feel a thing. A wall going sixty miles per hour hit him. I highly recommend the Jeff Bridges movie ""Fearless."" The movie is about THIS airliner crash. There were actually THREE pilots: Captain Alfred C. Haynes, First Officer William R. Records, and Flight Instructor Dennis E. Fitch, who was a passenger. The three men controlled the aircraft using only engine thrust. The DC-10 came in at twice the normal speed, and the starboard wing hit the runway. At that speed, the aircraft cartwheeled and broke apart. About 76 people died from blunt trauma, while 35 died due to smoke inhalation. My fear is that impact. And I'm also afraid of the moments leading up to it. Totally irrational. I'll be the first to admit to it. But I can tell you EXACTLY what my fears are. I'm 100 percent self-aware. The people who don't trust Trump are those who can't bring themselves to relinquish the illusion of control. So they bitch endlessly, offering up THEIR ideas on how things should be done. They'll NEVER trust Trump, because that would mean letting go of their illusion of control. They can't do it..."
" The Copperheads were the Peace Democrats. Their candidate was former Union General George B. McClellan. As an active-duty general, McClellan hated Lincoln so much that McClellan DELIBERATELY LOST BATTLES. So Lincoln removed McClellan. The Peace Democrats had a slogan: ""Peace at any price."" They wore copper pennies on their lapels, so they became known as the Copperheads, since they were as dangerous as snakes. The Copperheads claimed that LINCOLN started the Civil War so that he could enrich his buddies in the armaments industry. The Confederate secession and the attack on Fort Sumter did not exist to them. Everything was Lincoln's fault. Since the war was immoral, the Copperheads broke into prisoner-of-war camps and freed Confederate soldiers. The Copperheads engaged in espionage and sabotage for the Confederates. They also financed attempted uprisings. Democrats in the FEDERAL GOVERNMENT appropriated taxpayer funds for sabotage and espionage. The Copperheads used taxpayer funds to derail trains. Democrat newspapers published FAKE NEWS, accusing Lincoln of every sort of war crime. It was because of DEMOCRATS that Lincoln had to suspend habeus corpus and place politicians under house arrest for the duration of the war. Today's Democrats are descended from a party that committed flat-out treason during the Civil War. Nothing's changed for the Democrats. ""By any means necessary..."""
" Let's talk about ""harassment."" Here's one of the MANY times I got hacked. I got to be pals with the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department and the FBI. At the height of he hacking, my former Webmaster--who quit--told me that there were over 6 million attempts PER DAY to break into my site. It was very unnerving, but I felt it was important to not give in to threats. I'm very heavily armed, but I also have severe incurable illnesses. Israeli and Saudi...people...told me that because I don't insult Islam, I'm safe. YOU'D BETTER BE GODDAM SURE, BOYS. Some of you have seen the online harassment here. You've should've seen it BEFORE! I got doxxed, I got Google Street Views of my house sent to me, and I got a telephoto image of me sent, with a cross hair on it. That makes you wonder. But. I believe in SO MANY THINGS that are bigger than me. And I get messages, saying, ""You're safe. We're watching."" Who's ""we""? I don't know. A black Cadillac Escalade SUV stopped in front of my brother when he out jogging. The vehicle was full of smiling, olive-skinned young men. One said, ""Hello!"" My brother went to school in London. He said the men were Arabs. It made him nervous, but eventually we both concluded that if they were out to get us, we would've been dead a long time ago. So maybe they were guardians. I get a lot of VERY supportive messages. As a result, I'm not afraid. Somebody could EASILY take me out, but I KNOW that. It's a risk I'm willing to take. When I was a young man, I was afraid of everything. NOW, the only thing that scares me is flying. Not flying, actually. CRASHING. The nosedive. The best movie about fear is...""Fearless."" The trailer is misleading. It's a movie about PTSD. I read somewhere that 90 percent of Hollywood films use the same 20 songs. The only U2 song I like is ""Mysterious Ways."" The rest are just annoying. That guitar that NEVER STOPS! Diddle-liddle-liddle-liddle-liddle-liddle-liddle-liddle-liddle-liddle-liddle... The people that complain the most about harassment are themselves implacable harassers and destroyers. They're motivated entirely by hate. Although I loathe these people, I don't hate them. And I certainly would never send them photos of themselves with a cross hair on it. I figured that if they actually kill me, then I become...a legend. It would be totally counterproductive. That's what the Israeli and Saudi...people...told me. ""They don't want to make you a martyr."" YOU'D BETTER BE GODDAM RIGHT, BOYS. I don't want to be a martyr. I want to live to be very old and bent over and shuffling around, looking for my pudding. Because by the time I cross over, the world is going to be A BLOODY MIRACLE. I grew up fully expecting nuclear war. That's gone. And NOW, we have leaders who actually care about their own people and the world. So I want to see what happens next. And next. And next again. And next after that. This is a great time to be alive. It's too bad that so many of us are missing out, because we're obsessed with the unmitigated GALL of political dissent..."
" How would extreme vetting work? He would be asked about his political and religious beliefs, for one. US officials were prohibited by law from asking about political and religious beliefs. Therefore we actually had no way whatsoever to vet anybody. That's pure madness. What you do is hire people who know the regions from which the visa applicant comes. THOSE people interview the applicant. This is a very easy solution. During Operation Restoring Rights in Iraq, H. R. McMaster brought in Iraqi soldiers and gave them their own food and lodging. McMaster ASKED the Iraqis what they wanted, and they told him. Guess what happened? The Iraqis taught American troops how to recognize terrorists by the way they spoke and the way they treated children. American troops WHO DIDN'T EVEN SPEAK ARABIC were able to vet the men of Tal Afar VISUALLY. Potentially lethal culture clashes were avoided, and the city was liberated without massive loss of life. We need to hire people who KNOW the regions from which the visa applicant comes. THAT'S how extreme vetting works."
" Caught in the act: Twitter connected a comment to me in order to mislead me. Here's the evidence. responded to SOMEONE ELSE, but Twitter made it appear that he was responding to me. So I trashed --as he points out--FOR NO REASON. I've been suspicious of thinks being sent to me. This PROVES that I'm being fed disinformation. This also proves how STUPID the opposition is. WHO THE HELL AM I? Nobody. They're wasting precious resources on a NOBODY. They're hysterical. At any rate, I'm sorry, . As you can see, Twitter connected our comments. Now I need to take everything with a giant grain of salt. In the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. NOW do you see why it's so important to VOTE OUT ALL DEMOCRATS? They're using the techniques of totalitarian secret police units. Do we want this in our country?"
" For , Arabs don't exist. Let me summarize her piece: Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans . What works in Europe? Who in Europe is happy? How many European diplomats have been successful? Europeans love the UN. Once again, the UN is running a Rape for Food Program. This happens EVERYWHERE THE UN GOES. Rubin wants us to be defunct. She wants us to fail with honor, whatever the hell THAT means. You know who matters more than Europeans when it comes to Iran? ARABS. Why won't Rubin talk about Arabs? Because they aren't Europeans. For Rubin, Europeans are the be-all and end-all, even though their heyday was the 18th century. The Middle East is about to enter a Golden Age, and it's because we FINALLY have a president and a Secretary of State who care only about results. Rubin thinks Tillerson is a failure because he isn't on TV every five seconds. Our press has become NIHILISTIC. They have NO VALUES. Rubin is like an ancient punk rocker who doesn't have a good word to say about anything good. Like punk rockers, all she likes is CRAP. This is NOT a European idea. Unlike Europeans, Saudis actually ACCOMPLISH things. Remember how people screeched for YEARS about how Islam needed a Reformation but could never have one? IT ALREADY HAPPENED. You know what OUR Reformation led to? Centuries of civil war. European civil wars! Lots and lots and lots of them. And don't forget the WORLD wars. Nihilistic and ossified. A prehistoric punk-rocker fossil. Such pathetic hate and blindness. The last thing I ever anticipated was the American resistance against improvement. But that IS a European thing. In Europe, they don't accept that a rising tide floats all boats. They say, ""This person here is too stupid and lazy to build a boat, so it's not fair that YOU have a boat. Therefore we're TAKING your boat and smashing it into firewood."" Meanwhile, the Saudis are building a community that will have EXCELLENCE as a requirement for residency there. No stupid, lazy, nanny-state teat-suckers need apply. Time to acknowledge that ARABS exist, Jennifer. Trump takes their advice. Is THAT why you despise him...?"
" Remember I told you that I believe that the Lebanese armed forces have freed themselves from Hezbollah? Armed Forces Commander Joseph Aoun at the Military Academy. His bodyguard has a VERY specialized weapon of defense. As Aoun speaks, that bodyguard watches. As do two more. And you can bet that many of the men in the room are not who they seem. The Lebanese army isn't acting as though it's under the control of Hezbollah, and Prime Minister Hariri is demanding that Hezbollah stop interfering in the affairs of other countries. Exciting times..."
" A nagging feeling. This is Abd al-Rahman Ghanimat, head of the southern West Bank sector of Hamas's Izz al-Din al-Qassam Brigades. This is Abdul-Malik al-Houthi, leader of Ansar Allah (""Supporters of God"")--the Houthis--in Yemen. Abu Wahib of the Islamic State. Mokhtar Belmokhtar of al-Qaeda. Ayman Zawahiri of al-Qaeda. Mustafa Badreddine of Hezbollah. Samir Kuntar of Hezbollah. Mawlawi Haibatullah Akhundzada of the Afghan Taliban. Saeed al-Shihri, al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP). Qassem Suleiman of the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guards Quds Force. Abubakar Shekau of Boko Haram. Ahmed Abdi Godane of al-Shabaab. You get what I'm talking about, right? Well, this is Abu Mohammad al-Julani, of al-Qaeda in Iraq (AQI). He's a Syrian whose father worked in the oil industry Saudi Arabia. ""Al-Julani"" means ""from the Golan Heights."" Al-Julani heads the al-Qaeda franchise Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham (HTS) in Syria. He formerly headed the al-Nusra Front, the previous al-Qaeda franchise. Al-Julani is the only jihadist commander left alive in Syria. HTS is steadily losing. If he's killed, how will we know? Even if we're shown photos, and HTS announces his death, will it be real? Anyway, his face haunts me. I've never seen a bloodthirsty terrorist who looked like that... ADDENDUM: I wasn't clear: This is the same man, about ten years apart. My point is that I'm not sure that he is who he says he. If he IS a double agent, he'll have massive protection, so I'm not endangering him. The reason he haunts me is that I'm HOPING he's a double agent who has spent more than a decade making sure that al-Qaeda in Iraq and Syria lose. They ARE losing. But they have to lose in a certain way. We in the west want to smash the enemy into the ground. That doesn't work when it comes to jihadist terrorists. You have to patiently dismantle the networks by killing the leaders and showing the followers that their goal will never be achieved. I'm haunted because I'm afraid to believe that the Saudis were THIS ingenious. This would be so big that I don't want to be disappointed if it isn't true... ADDENDUM TWO: If you think I'm crazy to suggest that the head of al-Qaeda might be a double agent, here are two double agents who worked for Israeli intelligence. One, Mosab Hassan Yousef, son of a HAMAS founder. And two, Otto Skorzeny, Hitler's favorite commando. Both Yousef and Skorzeny TOOK OUT Israel's enemies. They were directly involved. So it can happen..."
" Turns out that this was Putin's first test of Trump. And this was the American response. After three hours of watching tank, artillery, and mortar rounds fall short and miss, the US responded. THEN the Russians called, asking for a ceasefire. That's because 20 percent of their worthless troops were dead. Putin didn't know that Mattis had brought in AC-130 and Apache gunships. Now Putin knows. Trump passed the test. Putin failed. Oh well. His winning streak had to end sometime... ADDENDUM: The Russians just keep getting more embarrassing. The claim is that the dead guys were chasing the Islamic State. Our jets protected the Islamic State. I was once friends with a Russian army colonel. When Putin annexed the Crimea, my friend demanded that I take Russia's side. I told him that I don't respond well to demands that I think a certain way. So he called me a ""Russophobe."" Our seven-year friendship evaporated. He wanted what he wanted, and I was to give it to him. So I did. These are men of Russia's best conventional unit, the 76th Guards Airborne Assault Division. The pig-man is panicking because unarmed, singing men are approaching. The officer restraining the pig-man is so depressed that he wants to go into a coma. The 76th Guards Airborne Assault Division formed a LITERAL circular firing squad. Men with machine guns surrounding this debacle, putting themselves directly in each other's crossfire. These are BUFFOONS. As I told my Russian ""friend."" ""The Russian army is garbage,"" I said. ""I'm mortified for your sake."" And that was the end of our relationship. I don't miss him. He said that Russia had to invade to save ethnic Russians from NATO death camps run by homosexuals and Jews. Yes, that's what he said. Russians actually DO BELIEVE that the US is helping the Islamic State. They are unaware that their face-lifted mafioso munchkin dictator tried to implement the ""Algerian Strategy"" and make the Islamic State as powerful as possible. The Algerian Strategy forces citizens to support their unpopular government, because the alternative is having their heads sawed off by terrorists. The Algerian Strategy always worked--until Putin tried it in Syria. Why did it fail in Syria? Because the Saudis anticipated it. Russian aircraft bombed Iranians and Hezbollah and Assad's men. Over and over and over. SOMEONE hacked into the Russian communications systems and gave them bogus orders. In Russian. Also, SOMEONE carried out multiple Entebbe-style commandos raids on Russian air bases. The most recent one was just a month ago. And Russian military advisers--generals--are being knocked off. The commander of the entire advisory mission was killed. Everyone trying to implement the Algerian Strategy was killed. So it failed, for the first time ever. And now Putin tested Trump, and he had his ass handed to him. You know why? Because Mattis is making the decisions. Putin can't conceive of a world leader delegating total authority to a lowly cabinet member. So Putin walked into the fight leading with his chin. You know what we've returned to? ""Standing orders."" ""You are to defend yourselves and your Syrian counterparts."" That's a standing order. Nobody had to ask permission. Remember when the Iranians captured the British sailors? The captain of the ship was frantically calling London, asking what to do. Mattis has given all our forces standing orders. ""You are to defend yourselves and your Syrian counterparts."" So our people did that. Now Putin knows..."
" Let's see if I can explain another level of brilliance in the Gulf Cooperation Council war-fighting approach. You saw this, probably. THAT is what everyone is talking about. ""Yay! So much for Israel high tech! Ha ha ha.!"" Two things: One is this. It appears to have been an ambush. ""Massive Syrian anti-air fire."" If you fire off enough missile and cannon rounds, you overwhelm the aircraft's defenses. The mullahs wanted a propaganda victory, and that's what they got. Nobody's talking about THIS, the second aspect. The Israelis inflicted the most damage on Syria since 1982, but the downing of the Israeli jet is overshadowing that. It's the problem that the US and Israel have always faced. You've heard it expressed this way: ""A bunch of guys wearing rubber-tire sandals fought the most advanced army in the world to a standstill."" After every massive defeat, the enemy claims victory, and their status is elevated. They get MORE power by having their asses kicked. It's because war is actually geopolitics. We tried forcing unconditional surrender, the way we did in World War II. Saddam's forces signed a surrender document. Did that stop Saddam? After 2014, Hamas declared victory, and their geopolitical status IMPROVED. How the hell do you defeat an enemy who always claims victory, and EVERYONE BELIEVES HIM? The GCC found the answer. The war in Yemen is both real AND strategic distraction. The Saudi-led coalition began ground operations in August of 2015, and then they got ""bogged down."" Everyone said the same thing: ""Guys wearing sandals and throwing rocks fought that advanced Saudi land force to a standstill."" THAT is EXACTLY what the Saudis wanted. What they did was fight a ""holding action"" in Yemen for more than two years. If you're ""bogged down,"" that means you can't do something anywhere else, right? You're desperately trying to break the ""stalemate"" in Yemen, right? Using Yemen as a strategic distraction, the GCC infiltrated thousands of commandos into Syria, Iraq, and Lebanon. They advised when asked, fought when asked, masqueraded, wreaked havoc, and conducted reconnaissance. And the GCC trained everyone who was willing. The Houthis in Yemen claimed victory for almost three years. Then the ground offensives began. I count as many as SEVENTEEN simultaneously ground offensives against the Houthis. The Houthi propaganda never worked BECAUSE THE SAUDIS NEVER ACKNOWLEDGED IT. The propaganda fell into a vacuum and disappeared. The mullahs and Assad and Hezbollah want desperately to draw Israel into a war that will kill lots of civilians and cause the loss of one Israeli tank. That's all Hezbollah needs to win. Lebanese say Hezbollah won because Hezbollah STILL EXISTED. The Israelis--God bless them--play by the rule book that the world hands them. So did we--until Trump--so this isn't a criticism. The only way to defeat Hezbollah is clandestinely, with forces whose identity is never revealed. THAT'S what will happen. The footage from Yemen show ONE combined arms micro team advancing on Sanaa. In reality there are hundreds of those micro teams. Only the Yemenis talk to the cameras. They have silent men with them. You can't defeat Hezbollah and the Houthis using ANY method previously attempted. The Israelis and Yemen's late dictator tried EVERYTHING, from invasion to air strikes to assassinations. The only that will stop all this is something new: a major conflict fought in total secrecy. Strategic commandos can win wars. What they'll do is inflict massive destruction on the enemy WITHOUT REVEALING IT. That way, the enemy can't say, ""Ha-ha! They blew up THIS and blew up THAT, but we still won!"" You know the most suicidal concept ever invented? ""Proportionality."" The GCC ignores that stupid buzzword. ""Proportionality"" is supposed to show how civilized you are. It doesn't work. The only thing that works is NEVER REVEALING WHAT YOU DID. The Kurds are putting out SOME videos, but they're actually doing a hell of a lot more damage than they're saying. How do I know? No Turkish air strikes. The Kurds are using the ""guys wearing sandals"" narrative against the Turks, so that's fine. It's always successful. But the GCC found the solution to defeating the sandals narrative. NEVER REVEAL YOUR TRUE ACTIONS. That means that one day, the Lebanese will wake up to the news that Hezbollah has disbanded its military wing. I know that we in the west want a definitive defeat, but it doesn't work. The Germans still hate us! So do the Japanese. Talk to Germans and Japanese long enough, and the humiliation of their defeat will come out. The GCC has invented new weapons, new soldiers, and new war. I perfectly understand why so many people think I'm crazy. But just watch. We won't see a massively destructive war in Lebanon. Green Helmet Man won't present dead babies to the camera. The GCC knows all the tricks. That means the GCC has countermeasures for everything... ADDENDUM: Trump and Mattis are playing their part perfectly. We ARE very lethal. But we won't launch any ground offensives in the Middle East. Our allies want us to make threats. Everybody looks at US, and they don't see those GCC micro teams behind the curtain. This is all a well-oiled machine. Everyone knows what he and she are doing..."
" The implosion of ""human rights"" organizations. Now they can be completely ignored. This is without question the most dishonest thing a ""human rights"" organization has ever said: ""Air-delivered, precision-guided munitions are prohibited under the Law of Armed Conflict."" I'm honestly at a loss that leftist maniacs are now OPENLY on the side of terrorists. An air-delivered, precision-guided munition (PGM) is by definition NOT an indiscriminate weapon. That's why the word ""precision"" is used. Brigadier General Matthew Isler reveals some information that will blow you away. Combined Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve undertook preparations for Mosul and Raqqa. For each city, the preparations took NINE MONTHS. I'll tell you in a moment why the preparations took so long. When undertaking a mission, each aircraft had TEN DIFFERENT MUNITION OPTIONS. I can't even name those munitions. Each of those munitions also had multiple FUSING options. Airburst, contact, delayed, and so on. Assault troops ""breach"" a city. They break into it. Air and ground assets find the best place: terrorists only. You can't hold a city if you have thousands of human shields getting in your way. So the Coalition figured out where the densest population of terrorists were, and THAT'S where the assault troops breached. The general says that the Coalition was brought to help after Ramadi. THAT'S what I've been telling you. Ramadi fell to the Islamic State on May 17, 2015. On July 13, 2015, the Iraqis tried to retake Ramadi. It was a disaster. The Shia militias would not take orders from the government, and there was no plan. The two generals in charge of the operation were killed by suicide bombers. By September, the operation had stalled. In early October, the offensive started up again...and the Iraqis won every single battle from that point on. My theory is that the Iraqis accepted help from the Gulf Cooperation Council. Thousands of non-Iraqi commandos arrived in Iraq, and thousands of Iraqis were flown to Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the UAE for training. The assault troops fought as Iraqis, while Iraqis held the ground that the assault troops had taken. As each batch of trained Iraqis returned, the foreign commandos--the assault troops--stepped aside. The retaking of Tal Afar was 100 percent Iraqi planned and executed. They hit so hard and so fast that the Islamic State fled. So why did it take nine months to prepare for the Mosul and Raqqa campaigns? ""This technique was used to create a digital map of Gaza so detailed that thousands of targets appeared on it..."" ""And every building in Gaza was shown from four different angles."" Digital maps of Mosul and Raqqa were created. Every single building was included. And there's something else. They used synthetic aperture radar (SAR) and nanodrones to map the INSIDE of every building. Why didn't any of the Islamic State tunnel systems work? The Coalition captured them completely intact. The Coalition could see every single brick, above ground and below. Every soldier appeared as a dot on the digital maps. The assault troops were divided into ""combined arms micro teams: One tank, one bulldozer, one gunship, one sniper squad, one antitank squad, and one infantry squad. There were also detached machine-gun squads, mortar squads, rocket-propelled grenade squads, and commando squads. They could all see each other on the digital maps, so they coordinated without having to be micromanaged. As war becomes LESS bloody, ""human rights"" groups will lie MORE. You know why? Because bloodless wars put ""human rights"" groups out of business. So they WANT war to remain bloody. The Iraqis and their allies used advanced technology to CONFUSE the Kurds out of Kirkuk. Support or oppose that operation, it was done HUMANELY. NOT EVEN COMBATANTS were hurt. The REAL human-rights groups are the armed forces of the US and the Middle East. NGOs are disgusting money hogs. That's all they are."
" This is not correct. Westerners NEVER take into account the military and technological advantages of Arab armed forces. The Arabs are now DECADES ahead of the west. This is NOT a western aircraft. It's a hypersonic attack jet that I clocked at Mach 4.5. Impossible? No. Look up AMMROC. Missile with a thermobaric-fragmentation warhead. It has a radio antenna and no control surfaces. Decades ahead of OUR weaponry. The most powerful antitank guided missile ever used in combat. The tank was ATOMIZED. A missile with a warhead that DIRECTS THE SHOCK WAVE. The explosion went straight down. A kinetic weapon that breaks apart truck bombs. It went Mach 18. Kinetic bombardment. These are all ARAB weapons. And we haven't even discussed the SOLDIERS, the strategic special forces. Western analysts damn well better start including ARABS in their calculations. The Trump Doctrine is to support our Arab allies. If and when they need help, they'll ask. But we're not barging in, the way we did in the past. The mullahs are toast. But it's because the ARABS are handling them. Not us..."
" Syrian and Russian playacting. Did you know that the Syrian Arab Army lifted the Islamic State siege of Deir Ezzor? It happened on September 5, 2017. Just look at Wikipedia. ""The siege was broken on 5 September 2017, at around 14:00 local time, when government forces met with elements of the 137th Brigade."" Let's look for combat footage on YouTube. Here's some. Well, that's it. There's nothing else. And as you can see, the footage just shows weapons being fired. I like this spotless, newly painted self-propelled howitzer. The paint is so fresh that it's glossy. So the Syrians ""listed the siege"" on September 5, 2015. Here's what the Pentagon said on September 7, 2017. ""There is concern about whether or not and how serious the Syrian regime is about defeating ISIS."" ""Are they going to squeegee them out of Deir ez-Zor and, you know, push them elsewhere?"" They are indeed! This is ""liberated Deir Ezzor"" after the Islamic State was ""driven out."" Don't get me wrong: I'm THRILLED that the boy and his mother are safe. But once again, Assad and Iran made a deal, and the Islamic State voluntarily left. In the Syrian Arab Army, it's prohibited to shout, ""Allahu Akbar!"" Here's the Syrian Army Army linking up with the ""besieged"" 137th Brigade. Whoops! Who the hell was THAT? It was this guy. He's a jihadist. They hold up their arms like that. The boss tells him, ""Don't say that again, okay?"" Here's Iran's plan now: Make deals with the Islamic State to get them out of Syria. In the past, the US never interfered with these deals. Now, we're refusing to accept them. Here's a gigantic piece of news casually dropped and not noticed by anyone in the western media: ""The Hashd al-Shaabi and the Popular Mobilization Forces are -- have committed to following the orders of the president of Iraq."" Game over. Iran has lost Iraq, and the mullahs have edged closer to their extinction. The Hashd al-Shaabi were led by Iranians, including Qassem Suleimani, These militias were Iran's armed insurgency in Iraq. It's DONE. The Hashd al-Shaabi will be incorporated into the armed forces. Iran and Russia are now DESPERATELY trying to export al-Qaeda and the Islamic State back into Iraq. The US military has said flat out, ""This will not happen."" Period. Two more items: The Coalition killed the commander of the Islamic State drone program, Junaid ur Rehman. ""As far as the drone threat overall, the coalition is decimating that network. So we are destroying their launch points."" ""We're killing their engineers, we're dismantling their manufacturing facilities and their users."" And this is a first: ""We have a partner force that is, you know, ready to -- to move into the Deir ez-Zor province."" He means separate from the Syrians who we're helping. So I was right. This isn't American. The briefing describes very heavy combat in Raqqa. No videos or photos. The new, SMART way of fighting. I'd love to see video and photos. But. This is a MUCH better image. God bless Syrians. Soon they'll be free. "
" What's happening in Iran? The protesters are showing the brutality of the regime. Here is the funeral of Mohsen Adeli, killed by security forces. This is an Iranian army soldier. His haircut is army, NOT security forces. The army is attending the protests. Watching. IF--and that's a BIG IF--this is regime change, it will be successful for several reasons. Both President Trump and Vice President Pence have committed the US to providing assistance when it's requested. Nobody knows Iran like Iranians, of course. So won't go barging in. We're waiting to be asked. The protesters are very cleverly reaching out to the security forces. Why was there total chaos after Saddam Hussein fell? Because the security forces deserted their posts in fear. All repressive governments create an ""us versus them"" mentality in their security forces. The Romanian Securitate--which protected dictator Nicolae Ceausescu--recruited from the hellish orphanages. Narco-terrorist Pablo Escobar of Colombia recruited his assassins from the slums. If the security forces feel separate from the people, they won't join in during an uprising. They're AFRAID of the people. Again, SIZE DOES NOT MATTER. The Green Movement involved millions. It failed. I'm seeing a concerted effort to reach out to the security forces. AND there are more and more videos of security forces burning their ID cards. These are very businesslike sneakers. And they're sand colored. IF this is regime change, it will be different from all previous revolutions. So ignore the press. This may take a while. Don't get discouraged. ""Be extremely subtle, even to the point of formlessness. Be extremely mysterious, even to the point of soundlessness. Thereby you can be the director of the opponent's fate."" --Sun Tzu, The Art of War"
" The Turks put on a fake show here. They used a mine-clearing vehicle with an explosive line charge where there were no landmines. This tank (right) fired antitank sabot rounds that bounced off of the rocks and flew into the sky. The position is called Mount Bersaya. It's said to be of ""vital strategic importance."" By the Turks. In the videos of the Turks waving their flags, there's no damage and no YPG casualties. The Turks seem to have 50 million reporters with them, and Erdogan is giving a play by play to as many crowds as he can. Whatever is happening, it's not actual combat. Right now, it's just not possible to predict what will happen. The Turks keep lying. They said for the SECOND time that the US will stop arming Kurds, but that's not true. Joint Staff Director Lt. Gen. Kenneth F. McKenzie Jr. : ""We definitely track those weapons that are provided to them, we ensure that they, to the maximum extent possible, don't fall into the wrong hands, and we're continuing discussions with the Turks on those issues."" My guess is that Operation Olive Branch is entirely for domestic consumption back home in Turkey. It's Erdogan reassuring his people that Turkey still matters..."
" My father was a monologist and bitcher par excellence. He held me captive while he complained about everything. One time I was at his desk with him while he bitched. The rest of the family had dinner and then went to bed. I watched the sun go down, and I watched my father grow stubble. Have you EVER in your LIFE seen a person grow stubble right in front of you? When he got old and sick, he was inconsolable. Everything scared him. He was in total denial about how sick he was. My brother had taken my mother to City of Hope for tests. She and my father were diagnosed with cancer on the same day, January 16, 2013. Before the parents got sick, we'd talked about moving to Nevada. So I was sitting with my dying father, and he said this: ""If anything happens to your mother, I'm afraid I'll have to go with you if you move to Nevada. Would that be all right?"" See, he thought we were going to abandon him. Eighty-five years old, with cancer. ""See ya!"" So I said, ""OF COURSE you're coming with us. That's what we planned."" He got all choked up. But he lived for only five weeks after his diagnosis. He was the most negative person I've known. I'm sure his negativity killed him. They told us at City of Hope that a positive mindset helps. In 2012, my urine suddenly turned the color of coffee, and I went bright yellow. I looked like I'd been dusted with yellow powder. So we went to the emergency room. Total hepatic failure. My liver had ceased functioning. I wasn't afraid or upset in the slightest. It was my time. My doctor suddenly appeared. He's from Taiwan. A cardiologist. I had no idea why he was there. He's very formal, but he put his hand on my shoulder and massaged it. My shoulder got hot. My doctor said, ""You're going to be fine."" Then he left. An hour later, my jaundice disappeared. The doctors were stunned. They let me go home, and I had every medical test known to science. Nothing wrong with me at all. Spontaneous recovery from total liver failure in an hour. So the next time I saw my doctor, I asked, ""Did you cure me?"" He smiled and said, ""You have a very active imagination."" At any rate, when I was sure that I'd be dead in hours, I wasn't upset. And I'm still here. And I'm still not upset..."
" Ms. Bloom is trying to sidestep something pretty damn major: During the campaign, Lisa Bloom represented a woman who claimed that Trump has raped her four times. The woman said she was 13 at the time, and Trump raped her at four separate parties, in front of audiences. Trump lured her to the parties with promises of help in a modeling career. ""Hi, it's Donald. Wanna come to a party?"" ""Well, but the LAST time, you raped me."" ""I know, but THIS TIME, I promise I won't rape you."" ""Oh! Okay! What should I wear?"" GUESS WHAT? Forget that the eunuchs and harpies of the Guardian chose a photo that makes Trump appear to be leering. Lisa Bloom said the suit was dropped because the woman was ""in fear."" That's a lie. The story was a complete fabrication. Bloom's law firm said the story was credible until the last minute. That is a LIE. WHO TAKES GLAMOR SHOTS WITH RAPE VICTIMS? Feminists have robbed the terms ""sexual harassment"" and ""rape"" of their meaning. It's all just show business now. GREAT JOB, LISA! Just stellar... ADDENDUM: I have been rightfully corrected: From now on, I'll use the term ""neo-feminists."""
" asks a question about the YouTube mass shooting. This is because Laura Loomer said that the cops lied. Loomer trades in conspiracy theories. That's how she gets you to give her money. Why would the cops say that they were investigating the incident as domestic violence? Well, how do cops get their information? Correct. They INTERVIEW people. The shooter lived in San Diego. Her family filed a missing-person report. The cops found the shooter in her car in Mountain View, close to San Bruno, where YouTube is headquartered. SOMEONE--the family or witnesses said that this was a domestic issue, so AT THE TIME, the cops were investigating it as such. The cops couldn't have done anything to stop this shooting, IF THE SHOOTER had no record of being hospitalized against her will and had made no threats. So there's no evidence that the cops lied. Americans have decided that EVERYTHING is nefarious, so they listen to a sack of crap like Laura Loomer. This is another open-and-shut case. People yesterday were pointing me to an electrical engineer in Tehran, saying he was the shooter's father and was involved in MKUltra. The shooter's father lives in San Diego. But according to conspiracy theorists, there has never been a single REAL mass shooting in the history of the United States. This is all just meaningless babble. Proverbs 26:11..."
" Watch me prove that this video is bogus. Suleimani was addressing Iraqis in 2014. ""Look at American forces today. They are more than a million strong. But despite their numbers and capabilities, they are cowards."" ""When they arrived in Iraq, they brought diapers for their soldiers so that they could urinate in them when scared."" ""You, on the other hand, have achieved victory with light weapons."" Why is he talking about Americans arriving in Iraq? That was in 2003. It's because Suleimani was killed in November of 2015. Why was Suleimani telling those men about their victory, achieved with light weapons? Because they're Iraqis. Suleimani's aide Major General Kheyrollah Samadi was killed in Syria on November 16, 2017. Samadi was BROUGHT OUT OF RETIREMENT and sent to the meat grinder of Syria. The Arabic-language press show photos of Samadi with Suleimani. Look at that! Suleimani is wearing the same clothes as in this video. So who is Suleimani addressing in the video? Suleimani is addressing Harakat Hezbollah al-Nujaba, an Iraqi militia. Their YouTube videos are old and irrelevant. The MEMRI video shows Suleimani giving Harakat Hezbollah al-Nujaba a pep talk in Iraq in 2014. That's why he's talking about the Americans in Iraq and the militia using only light weapons. Iran is using previously unseen videos in a desperate attempt to convince the Middle East that the mullahs are the ""strong horse."" Well, the mindset of Middle Easterners has changed. Nations don't have to choose sides now. They can remain neutral. The only thing the US and the Saudis-led coalitions are asking is that states stop sponsoring terrorism and stop destabilizing the region. That's all. Lebanon's prime minister just said, ""We're not taking sides. Sorry."" THAT'S why we're transferring advanced weaponry to Lebanon. Neutrality is GOOD. Proxy wars are BAD. The more neutral nations in the Middle East, the better for everyone. Saudi Arabia DOES NOT WANT DOMINATION. But the Saudis DO want Arabs to be free to chart their own course. That requires the ability to defend yourself. So the Saudis are helping their neighbors become militarily powerful. Believe me: Every nation in the region just wants to be left alone. Neutrality and nationalism are GOOD. The end goal is a region of powerful, stable, successful nations that aren't forced to choose sides and aren't mercilessly used as proxies. We're coming close to that goal. Soon ALL Middle Easterners will have the chance to live long, happy, healthy, successful lives. That's a VERY good thing... ADDENDUM: Hey! Looks like the fuse of freedom has already been lit. "
" WELL NOW. This is a tad bit unprecedented. ""A new warning on Iran’s destabilizing behavior in Lebanon was sent to the United Nations Secretary General and Security Council. The letter, which has been seen by Fox News, warned of the consequences of leaving Hezbollah’s actions unchecked by the U.N."" ""The letter was written by Israel’s U.N. Ambassador Danny Danon, and was shown to Fox News by a U.N. diplomat."" ""Danon emphasizes in the letter that the visit by [Iranian official Ayatollah Ebrahim] Raisi took place in an area controlled by the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL)."" ""The Israeli ambassador’s letter says that while Hezbollah violations continue, they’ve yet to see any response from UNIFIL."" You know who else is demanding that Hezbollah stop destabilizing the region? Lebanese Prime Minister Hariri. He's told Hezbollah that they must stop bringing Iranians and others to tour the border with Israel. Nasrallah says that he's ready for a war that “could see thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of fighters from all over the Arab and Islamic world (coming) to participate — from Iraq, Yemen, Iran, Afghanistan and Pakistan.” How stupid are western think-tankers? THIS stupid: ""Tony Badran, a research fellow at the nonpartisan Foundation for Defense of Democracies (FDD) research institute in Washington D.C., told Fox News that because of these developments..."" ""The administration now needs to reassess its Lebanon policy as it could ironically end up aiding Hezbollah."" ""'The Trump administration should rid itself of the fiction at the heart of the Lebanon policy that the way to weaken Hezbollah is to build up so-called ‘state institutions.’ This is not an anti-Hezbollah policy.'"" ""'On the contrary, it’s a pro-Hezbollah policy. Strengthening a Hezbollah-controlled state is to strengthen Hezbollah.'” Let's see if Twitter users can figure out what's going to happen. The US is giving the Lebanese army M2 Bradley fighting vehicles. The only other country in the world that has the Bradley? Saudi Arabia. After 37 years, the Lebanese army suddenly changed its uniform to the pattern called multicam. Hey look! It's an ""American"" in Syria, wearing multicam! What's that, you say? He looks like a Saudi prince? Coincidence! Means nothing. Hey look! Americans and Jordanians! Who's who? Finally, we have THIS: ""In the event of a new conflict with Hezbollah, the IDF would seek to evacuate more than a million civilians in south Lebanon within 24 hours...a senior military source said on Wednesday."" The actual number is 1.5 million people evacuated in 24 hours. Impossible. They rehearsed a mass infiltration of Lebanon. 50,000 commandos inserted in 24 hours. Or maybe 100,000. The Israelis clearing the minefields from the Golan Heights. Why the hell would they do that if Iran and Hezbollah are planning a war? Let's look at Yemen, where Iran trained the Houthis how to build the same defenses that Hezbollah has. Saada is the Houthi capital. Nobody thought the Yemeni army would attack there. So they did. And there's this. There's something like SEVENTEEN ground offensives taking place in Yemen. Simultaneously. So what's going to happen to Hezbollah is that they're going to be hit with the fastest, largest mass infiltration of commandos in human history. Electronic warfare will knock out the automated and mobile missile-launching platforms. Hezbollah's communications systems will be knocked out, and all the terrorists will be tricked into firing on each other. Iran and Hezbollah will have absolutely no idea what's going on. The people they think are Lebanese army will turn out to be Saudis, Emiratis, Jordanians, and so on. Israel will stay out of it. But the Israelis will let the commandos use Israel as a jumping-off point. Nobody got more warnings than Hezbollah. So they will be annihilated..."
" See? The kabuki comes to its conclusion. This is the official story. Assad and Putin wrested Damascus back by bombing the hell out of the rebels until the rebels RELEASED THEIR HUMAN SHIELDS. Happens all the time. Never mind that the rebels had a MASSIVE underground network that shielded them from aerial munitions. No underground combat. Just, ""Ow. Oo. Oh. Okay, we give up."" See, the GCC went in and offered to help the jihadists fight the Islamic State. Putin and Assad were attempting the ""Algerian Strategy"": They were going to help the Islamic State become all-powerful. This would force Syrians to choose Assad as the lesser of two evils. The Algerian Strategy ALWAYS WORKED...until now. The GCC attached commandos to jihadist rebel militias to fight the Islamic State. BUT! Those GCC commandos were no friends of the jihadists. In fact they killed every single jihadist commander and ""hollowed out"" the jihadist rebel groups. The only ones left are actors. So the Islamic State was defeated, thwarting the Algerian Strategy. Assad and Putin were allowed to bomb certain uninhabited regions in order to pretend that they were winning. As in Aleppo, the population of Eastern Ghouta was deep underground, safe from the bombing. The Russians ""brokered a ceasefire,"" and the civilians are being evacuated. Assad PERSONALLY drove an unarmored sedan into Eastern Ghouta. Remember, the ""jihadist rebels"" are still there. What does that tell you? Click ""CC."" All of this was done to prevent a postwar slaughter-fest. Everyone will have equal ""street cred."" The ONLY jihadist commander left is Abu Mohammed al-Julani of Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham (HTS), al-Qaeda in Syria. I simply CANNOT shake the feeling that this guy is NOT who he is claimed to be. The fact that he's still alive AND the non-savage appearance of his eyes makes me think that he's a Saudi agent who's been double-crossing the jihadists since the early 2000s. IF--and that's a BIG IF--he's a Saudi agent, he's very well protected, so me saying this doesn't endanger him. AND when his job is done, he'll be ""killed in an air strike"" and go into retirement. So now you see the point of the kabuki. Assad's GOVERNMENT has to have credibility in the postwar Syria. The same thing will happen in Iran. The MULLAHS will go, but the government will remain. You know that we have one of the stupidest policies on earth: Our intelligence community is prohibited by law from working with people who have committed violations against human rights. So that means we can't talk to ANYBODY in Assad or the mullahs' governments. The Saudis and their allies don't have this ridiculous policy, so they can work things out with the people who will be SUCCESSORS. The Iraqi government disintegrated in 2003 because EVERY SINGLE GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL thought that we would string them up. Every cop left his post. Chaos ensued. The goal of the GCC is to get rid of the DICTATORS. The FUNCTIONING GOVERNMENTS will remain until elections are held, and the Syrians and Iranians DECIDE FOR THEMSELVES what sort of countries they'll have. It's taken a hell of a long time and a hell of a lot of deception, but the end end result will be a smooth transition of power. No bloodbaths. Therefore all the effort is worth it..."
" As always, we can find the answers if we know where to look. Q: Have you spoke to Crown Prince Salman? SEC. MATTIS: Talk to who? Q: MBS? Mohammed bin Salman about the situation. SEC. MATTIS: Yes, I've talked to MBS. NEXT! Mattis and MbS are in contact. MbS is keeping us informed, and we're standing by. Now for Syria. It's very good news. Q: (Off mic). On the post-ISIS Syria, I know that's looking into the future, but can you just talk a little bit about are we going to leave that, effectively, to Russia? Can you talk a bit about that? SEC. MATTIS: Yeah. It is the future, you're right. ISIS -- anyone who thinks they're down is premature. SEC. MATTIS: -- and we completely destroy the caliphate's physical plant. ""At the same time, as you saw in Southwest Syria, there's a deconfliction zone that’s been worked out. We're trying to expand those in other areas, the idea being to try to get the fighting stopped."" ""To get the fighting stopped, you get to come in – from rubble removal that we will help on. The locals will do it, but we'll do what we can, get them bulldozers, whatever they need."" ""At that point, ongoing in Geneva, Staffan de Mistura has gotten a U.N. mandated plan, and we're trying to move everything out of Astana over to Geneva, so we can come up with the next steps."" ""Those next steps will have to do with how do you set up a political reconciliation. That plan would involve an election of some kind, under international observers."" ""We would be in a position then to only come down when that plan has traction, if there's something going forward, rather than walking out and then looking over our shoulders at all Hell breaking loose again."" ""We've got to make certain we turn this over in a responsible way. The diplomats are ready to work on it. The United Nations is ready to work on it. I don't see this taking a long time. At that point, we would see a way forward for Syria."" ""It's been kind of surprising, the number of refugees that have been returning as fast as they have. We were surprised by it. This is an area where refugees or some of them have been gone not just for a year or a decade, but for a generation."" ""It's been kind of surprising to see this. That's the only real surprise that we've seen."" Did you know that Syrian refugees were returning AFTER A GENERATION? Where's the Washington Post? Assad, Putin, and Erdogan are playacting. No. Syrians are returning because THESE guys have no future there. Just watch... ADDENDUM: ""In past years, terrorism has been functioning in all of our countries... with no coordination"" among national authorities, Prince Mohammed bin Salman said in his keynote address to the gathering in Riyadh. ""This ends today, with this alliance."" Take him seriously..."
" Here's a very long, dishonest piece about the protests, but it has one line that leaps out at me. ""It is certainly a curious time for Ayatollah Ali Khamenei to be reminded of which constituency is the ""real"" bedrock of the Islamic Republic in times of crisis."" The mullahs are staging large rallies on December 30. It's exactly what Ceaușescu did. He gathered together all the people who overthrew him. What if the protests of December 28 and 29 were Beta Tests? I saw TONS of men talking on cell phones and reading texts. They all looked VERY squared away. The protestors are saying that they're not afraid anymore. The army is saying it'll protect the people. Is December 30 the day...?"
" A good example of the lies we face. ""U.S. military officials wanted to have an armed drone supporting the team ambushed in Niger earlier this month..."" ""The Wall Street Journal reported Friday, but their request was denied by Washington."" Well, here's what the Pentagon says. ""The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was part of a joint..."" ""U.S. and Nigerien train, advise and assist mission."" ""Sgt. La David T. Johnson, 25, of Miami Gardens, Florida, died Oct. 4 in southwest Niger as a result of enemy fire."" Armed drones don't accompany train, advise, and assist teams. Also, American rules of engagement in Niger prohibit Americans from engaging in combat. There was no request for an armed drone..."
" shows how vacuous and amoral the anti-Trump movement is. She's paraphrasing Martin Niemöller, a Protestant pastor who wrote this about the Nazis. As a good leftist, Navarro does everything she can to associate ALL negative human behavior with opposition to HER politics. Leftists tell you that OPPOSITION to leftism is racist, violent, insane, misogynist, and--of course--Nazism. However. Nazism is National SOCIALISM. Nazis are LEFTISTS. Don't believe me? Well, let's look at their platform. ""We demand that the State shall above all undertake to ensure that every citizen shall have the possibility of living decently and earning a livelihood."" ""No individual shall do any work that offends against the interest of the community to the benefit of all."" ""We demand that all unearned income, and all income that does not arise from work, be abolished."" ""Since every war imposes on the people fearful sacrifices in blood and treasure, all personal profit arising from the war must be regarded as treason to the people. We therefore demand the total confiscation of all war profits."" ""We demand the nationalization of all trusts."" ""We demand profit-sharing in large industries."" ""We demand a generous increase in old-age pensions."" ""We demand...the immediate communalization of large stores which will be rented cheaply to small tradespeople, and the strongest consideration must be given to ensure that small traders shall deliver the supplies needed by the State, the provinces and municipalities."" ""We demand an agrarian reform in accordance with our national requirements, and the enactment of a law to expropriate the owners without compensation of any land needed for the common purpose."" ""We demand that ruthless war be waged against those who work to the injury of the common welfare."" ""In order to make it possible for every capable and industrious German to obtain higher education, and thus the opportunity to reach into positions of leadership, the State must assume the responsibility of organizing thoroughly the entire cultural system of the people."" ""We demand that specially talented children of poor parents, whatever their station or occupation, be educated at the expense of the State."" ""Newspapers transgressing against the common welfare shall be suppressed."" ""We demand legal action against those tendencies in art and literature that have a disruptive influence upon the life of our folk, and that any organizations that offend against the foregoing demands shall be dissolved."" ""Common good before individual good."" ""In order to carry out this program we demand: the creation of a strong central authority in the State, the unconditional authority by the political central parliament of the whole State and all its organizations."" Socialists are socialists. has far more in common with Hitler than Trump ever has or will have..."
" Well, from the horse's mouth. Clapper says the FBI and CIA are fragile and need nurturing, and we risk losing them because of Trump's criticism. Let me ask all spooks and law enforcement out there: Are you men and women fragile? Do you need nurturing? Hot cocoa? Hugs? I would like to make the point that if the FBI and the CIA is going to collapse because Trump criticizes them, it means that they're utterly useless and should be disbanded. Let ME become the Director of National Intelligence. When people come to me crying over Trump's tweets, I'll fire them as unfit. Clapper also said that the Russians won the election for Trump. No. Jared Kushner won the election for Trump. If the Russians were able to turn the election, it means that Clapper was utterly incompetent. We hire people like Clapper to protect us. If the Russians turned the election, it's because Clapper let them. You can't have it both ways. This is the former DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE, telling us that he ALLOWED the Russians to turn the election. HIS ass needs to be fried in butter. Is Clapper eleven years old? Why didn't he see what the Russians were doing? The answer, of course, is that Clapper is lying. But he's too stupid to see that his lies make him culpable. All these Obama people are saying, ""I was too incompetent to protect the country."" And the Trump-hating reporters are themselves too stupid to see it. ""I've Been Caught"" mouth. His own facial expression tell you that he's confessing to being a liar. Lance Armstrong. Anthony Weiner. Eliot Spitzer. And on and on and on. I knew these people were rotten to the core, but they're shocking me by showing that they're TOTALLY without redeeming features... ADDENDUM: Are cops and spooks fragile, and do they need nurturing? answers. ADDENDUM TWO: Look what was considered normal during the Obama administration. Look what journalists consider normal... "
" Let's look at idiots being idiots. ""The first bit of artifice to bite the dust was that Israel will be able, in the long-term, to remain untouched by the Syrian civil war that continues to tear its northern neighbor apart."" In reality, nobody ever said that, so pulled that claim out of her butt. ""The second shattered mirage was the hope, propagated as truth by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, that the United States under President Donald Trump remains Israel’s most reliable ally."" You know what Israel did in response to the Syrians shooting down an F-16? Trump is a HELL of an ally. He didn't say a word as the Israelis wiped out half of Assad's air defenses. Another idiot speaks. ""An additional lesson learned today was the complete absence of the United States. Not since the 1950s has America been such an irrelevant actor in events in this part of the Middle East."" is ANOTHER person who thinks that a lack of public statements means a lack of engagement. Remember THIS guy? He wouldn't shut up. What did HIS public statements accomplish? It turns out that the Syrians shot down the F-16 as it flew INSIDE ISRAEL. They fired an unprecedented number of missiles at it. Now there can be no doubt that this was a trap. This is the first direct confrontation between Israel and Iran. What do the Iranians WANT? That's right: Threats from the United States. The Iranians want the US to make threats and then not do anything. So what happens of Trump doesn't say anything? Correct: It throws it a big, fat monkey wrench into the Iranian plans. This will shock the absolute hell out of journalists, but in reality, the US and Israel communicate privately, without telling the press what they're doing. Trump and Israel and the Gulf Cooperation Council hav a long-term strategy for dealing with Iran and its lackeys. The idiot media has moved on from Iran. I haven't. Freedom Messenger posted 44 videos in the last ten hours. That's a GIGANTIC increase. During the protests, Freedom Messenger was posting about six videos every 24 hours. And something just hit me. It APPEARS that an air strike took out a Turkish fighting post and weapons depot in Azaz, Syria. It SOUNDS like a jet. Well, what would stop the GCC from training Kurdish pilots and providing them with aircraft? Of course the Kurds would be required to adhere to VERY limited use of the aircraft, but seriously: Why couldn't the GCC train Kurdish pilots? Knowing Donald Trump, why couldn't WE train Kurdish pilots? All the radio traffic I hear is always in Kurdish. The best thing Trump can do is what he's doing: avoid being predictable. Who knows better how to deal with a state sponsor of terrorism trying to start a regional war, Trump or journalists...? "
" asks about the blue roofs in Atimah, Idlib Governorate, Syria. A close look shows that they're tarps put over unfinished buildings. Either the construction stopped during the war, or this is a refugee camp hurriedly built. Note that most of the buildings have no windows..."
" Here's what will happen: Everyone will say, ""We're not making any changes."" And then they'll make MORE radical changes. I can prove it to you: Saad Al-Quwaie, Professor of Juristic Policy at the Naif College for National Security: ""Confirming the work of women in the General Presidency of Scholarly Research and Ifta is an important requirement of Islamic law and jurisprudence."" No. He's SAYING it is, so now it IS. There's nobody to argue with him! ""He added that the recommendation opened up new horizons regards solving the problem of unemployment among women, guaranteeing the right of women to have a flexible and safe working environment, as permitted by Shariah."" Well... Shariah doesn't actually permit women to work. So they've redefined shariah. Again, there's nobody to argue with them! NOW the extraordinarily brilliant part: “It also imposed the need to introduce women with jurisprudential skills and expertise in emerging cases to repel external interference from those who deal with Saudi women’s issues contrary to Shariah law and the system of this country,” he said. The IDEA of women working outside the home CAME from ""external interference."" So did the Saudis resist? NO. They CO-OPTED the idea and called it shariah law! So they went from ""no women working"" to ""Islamic law protects working women from external interference."" It happened in ONE DAY. Arabs invented salesmanship. Never forget that. So the Saudis are returning to their roots. There's an old routine used a lot in movies from the 1940s. Two men arguing. It goes like this: A: ""It's green!"" B: ""It's blue!"" A: ""It's green!"" B: ""It's blue!"" A: ""It's blue!"" B: ""It's green!"" A: ""It's blue!"" B: ""It's green!"" A: ""There. See? I told you it's green."" And B walks away going, ""What just happened?"" The Saudis are redefining Islam without publicity, billboards, announcements, theses, position papers, and so on. They're just announcing, ""We need women to protect women in the workplace. Shariah law requires it!"" BAM! It's done."
" Here's a video that is said to show the Islamic State capturing Assad forces in Deir Ezzor, a city that we were told was liberated. This is amazing stuff. A ""trench"" nine inches deep, and a guy taking cover behind cinder blocks. Hey! It's the Tusken Raiders from Star Wars! I'll be damned. As Hoppity on the left shoots, we see that the guy in the background is LOSING HIS BEARD. The other guy is just covering his ear, thinking, ""I hate this job."" ""I surrender!"" ""Everybody together: Hurray!"" HOMELESS Tusken Raiders, holding rifles in every possible way except the RIGHT way. ""Hurray again! We march the prisoner in victory!"" Now LOOK At this: A fake beardo on the right, and a guy with a rifle AND CRUTCHES in the center. Do you believe for a SECOND that these are Islamic State terrorists? Does this look like a murderer, or does it look like a soldier checking the state of his prisoner? How about the guy on the left, who's got his arm AROUND the prisoner? You know what they're doing in Syria? They're totally effing with everybody's heads. THAT'S what they're doing. Hamas is setting up shop in Lebanon; and Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis in the Sinai has declared war on Hamas, Egypt, Israel, the US, Iran, and Europe. A whole bunch of people need killing. And I don't see any evidence of the Turks making any progress on the ground in Afrin, northern Syria. What a time to be alive. Reality and cinema merge so seamlessly. Remember: Trump studied filmmaking and was a TV star. One of the new weapons of war is cinema. Total fiction. It VASTLY reduces the number of people who genuinely must be killed..."
" Syrian (Russian) surface-to-air missile shot out of the sky. The missile is hit multiple times, causing it to flare. The Israelis built the Trophy Active Defense System for their armored vehicles. It automatically shoots down rocket-propelled grenades, missiles, and tank rounds. Videos from Yemen show that the Saudis are using an aerial version of Trophy to shoot down surface-to-air missiles. Here's a Saudi F-15 shooting down a Houthi surface-to-air missile (SAM). Here's another video of a Houthi SAM being shot down. This is an INTERCEPTION. There's no damage to the jet. The MISSILE WARHEAD is exploding harmlessly. The reason no ""expert"" has grasped what he or she is seeing is that they can't think in unorthodox way. Here's a simple question: If the Saudi jets are shot down, why are we never shown wreckage? You've seen videos of dead Russian pilots in Syria. Why no video of Houthis with mouths full of leaves capering over wreckage? The Saudis have the Trophy Active Defense System on their aircraft. It's another gigantic leap forward in technology. You can see it with your own eyes. My guess is the Saudis are bombing the hell out of the mullahs' men in Syria. The goal is to draw in Israel. Therefore it won't happen... ADDENDUM: Just to make sure everyone is on the same page, let's break down this Houthi video. The aircraft is the American McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. The pilot hears an alarm, telling him that a missile is incoming. He turns on his afterburners, giving him much more speed. It's a heat-seeking missile, so he shoots off magnesium flares to make the missile veer off course. Here's the missile. Looks are deceiving. The missile is MUCH CLOSER to the camera than the jet. In other words, the missile is NOT near the jet. The missile warhead explodes. The missile disintegrates, but there's NO DAMAGE to the jet. The jet before and after the missile strike. There's no damage. You can see that with your own eyes. Not a single ""expert"" was able to perceive that this was an interception. I looked and looked and looked. Nothing. You read my tweets because I show you things that nobody else does. You now know that the Saudis can intercept surface-to-air missiles (SAMs) with an automatic active-defense system. Northrup Grumman patented an identical system...in 2017. The Saudis have been using it in combat since March 26, 2015. ""Hey, you're the idiot who claims the Ay-rabs are ahead of us technologically!"" Yes, I am...!"
" Hamas is getting it from all sides. ""Haniyeh was abruptly summoned to Cairo to receive a very direct, very loud dressing-down and warning."" ""The Hamas chief was made to cool his heels for some time outside of Kamel’s office, which was 'very embarrassing – even humiliating,' the source pointed out."" ""Then, when he was allowed in, the shouting began and 'it was impossible not to hear the screaming,' he said, which the dumbfounded Haniyeh did not even respond to."" ""The culmination of the sharp session was a flat warning that continued violence would start Israel on a round of targeted assassinations of one Hamas leader after another, and that Egypt and other countries would only issue condemnations but nothing else in return."" ""Abbas demanded that Haniyeh return to Gaza in the helicopter that brought him and order his men to immediately stop the events at the border with Israel."" It's isn't 2014 anymore. Ha..."
" Here's the deal: The Twitter gurus don't want people to read because they see him as competition. My own approach is, ""The more the merrier!"" So I retweet and now unroll threads. If somebody hired , and he made a salary of $1 million per hour, I'd be really happy for him. See, then he'd be able to send a postcard-hunter to Germany for me. Heaven..."
" Ms. Argento: I don't know you, but we share a lot in terms of experience. Right now, people are praising your bravery. At some point, they'll move on. In many ways, you'll be left as you were before. THAT will be the time to be strong. Free advice is worth what you paid for it: Nothing. But I've learned a lot in 55 years. People will define you as this incident. It's important to be who you are IN SPITE of this incident. Alanis Morrisette said that art is cathartic but not healing. In my experience, healing came from meeting those who--like me--had ""seen the elephant."" Being able to discuss things without worrying about how they were received? THAT was priceless for me. My history became part of me without defining me. I wish you all the best in the world. And in case nobody ever told you, ""Transylvania"" is easily one of the greatest films of all time. You are a great artist. ""Transylvania"" HELPED me. And for that, I'm grateful to you."
" Let me tell you a story about my father Edward. He was the most gifted person--physically and mentally--who I've ever known. Though thin, he was abnormally strong. He was also an intellectual. Edward was a tortured man. He made bad choices and then refused to cop to them. Since nobody ever FORCED him to cop to his bad choices, you'd think he'd be grateful. For example, he had a second family that he hid from us. He lived two lives. Finally he confessed to it out of the blue, and my mother agreed to not divorce him on one condition: We had to integrate my young Dutch brother into the family. And that's what happened. He came out here alone at the age of seven, to meet siblings twenty years older. It worked out fine. He came out every summer and grew into a very nice young man. All the cards were stacked against him, as you can imagine, but he overcame every obstacle. Here I am with him the summer I spent digging tunnels under my house. Note the dirt on my legs. My brother is a fanatical mountain biker. Here he is in Africa. Like our father, he's skinny and abnormally strong. When Mom died, her estate was divided SIX ways, not five, even though she bore only five children. My brother called her ""Mom."" Back to Edward. Whenever anything good happened, Edward warned us us that something horrible would ruin it. Warning everyone is a putdown. ""You think this is good? JUST WAIT."" Since Trump was elected, a certain type of ""Trump supporter"" has done nothing but bitch, whine, and warn. Today is no different. ""That confidential informant ain't gonna live 'til Monday! I hate to say it!"" No. You LOVE to say it. You're a gore crow. A doom crier. Just like Edward. Guess where HE ended up? DO NOT--I repeat--DO NOT send me messages of doom. I paid my dues in that department. Tell OTHER PEOPLE that everything sucks. DO NOT tell me. Have I made myself clear? ADDENDUM: Try this archived link for the post about David Bowie. "
" I live in LA. ICE is rounding up people like you wouldn't believe. California cops have been ordered to not cooperate with the feds. Jerry Brown thought this was really clever. Well, guess what happened? The feds still have to look for wanted criminals. In doing so, they check the identifications of everyone in the house. All illegals are then deported. They go next door and do the same. People don't understand what it means to be illegal here. You do EVERYTHING illegally. It's hard to create a life. The people being deported are losing everything. So they're now SELF-DEPORTING. As always, Trump did everything under the radar. He had you all looking at the wall, while he was ACTUALLY doing something better. The wall would've meant nothing without consequences. What we're seeing is stealth mass deportations. My neighbors a illegals. A few days ago a process server came looking them. Their cars are being repossessed, and they've taken down the tents they'd used to temporarily house OTHER illegals. The wall was strategic deception. Yes, Trump means to build it. But day by day, it's becoming less necessary, due to the aggressive enforcement of existing laws."
" Article on Roy Moore from 2005. ""For a time in the summer of 2003 the Rock—or ""Roy's Rock,"" as the monument also came to be known—put the issue of the government's relationship to religion on front pages and made Moore infamous."" ""Moore has since toured the country tirelessly, speaking about the Ten Commandments at churches and dinners, conferences and conventions, hitting thirty-one states last year alone to share the news that the federal government is threatening the American way of life."" ""Sometimes, in rural Alabama hamlets, the crowd numbered only a few dozen; other times, such as at the Southern Baptist Pastors Conference, it numbered in the tens of thousands."" ""For years Moore's has been a story that everybody in Alabama and almost nobody outside it knows."" ""I imagine that traveling through the South with the Rock is a little like riding in the Rolling Stones' tour bus. You're recognized, excitedly, almost everywhere you go—gas stations, restaurants, the 7-Eleven."" ""After graduation Moore was sent first to Germany and then to Vietnam, where he commanded a military-police company supervising a stockade in Da Nang."" ""By his own account Moore was so much disliked that he feared being killed by his own troops, and slept on a bed of sandbags so that he couldn't be fragged by a grenade rolled under his bed."" ""Moore did not believe it proper for an officer to consort with his men, but his code of manly conduct couldn't countenance the perceived disrespect."" ""So he constructed a boxing ring in which, he writes, 'I met all challenges from soldiers in the battalion.' He was never attacked."" ""After the Army, Moore returned to Alabama to attend law school, and then accepted a job as deputy district attorney in Gadsden, the seat of Etowah County."" ""Moore believed that the sheriff's department was underfunded, so he took it upon himself to bring the issue before a grand jury—an audacious move for one in so modest a position."" ""The infuriated presiding judge had Moore investigated by the state bar association for 'suspect conduct.' The case was dismissed."" ""Several weeks later he launched his first political campaign, running as a Democrat for circuit-court judge of Etowah County. He lost badly. After the election he was hit with a second complaint."" ""This, too, was eventually dismissed. But Moore, now jobless and widely reviled, was essentially run out of town."" ""To cope, he returned to the ring, this time seeking a more demanding discipline. With $300 in his pocket Moore moved to Galveston, Texas, and apprenticed himself to a man named Ishmael Robles, who was a world champion kick-boxer."" ""He took a maintenance job and for nine months spent every spare moment learning full-contact karate. His vindication, as he views it, came the following year, when he returned to Alabama to compete in the Greater Gadsden Tournament of Champions."" ""Moore fought a second-degree black belt and won. 'It was a symbolic victory,' he writes in So Help Me God. 'Truth prevailed.'"" ""Still restless and unwelcome in Gadsden, Moore was driven all the way to the Australian outback in his search for rugged challenge."" ""One day, in the small town of Emerald, Queensland, he struck up a conversation with a local rancher, Colin Rolfe, who improbably shared Moore's passions for both Christianity and poetry."" ""Short on money and with nowhere to go, he accepted an invitation to visit Rolfe's 42,000-acre ranch, and wound up living with the family and working as a cowboy for the better part of a year."" ""Moore drifted back to Gadsden, believing himself ready at last to face down his old foes. In 1986 he ran for district attorney in Etowah County, to head the office in which he'd served as a deputy for five years."" ""Once again the establishment lined up against him, and he was handily beaten. With his fortieth birthday just months away, Moore was aimless, washed up politically, with no money and few prospects: he was a failure. There was no one left to fight."" ""In 1986 Guy Hunt became Alabama's first Republican governor in more than a century. Moore switched his party affiliation. Now married, he found enough legal work to get by."" ""When Etowah County's presiding judge died, in 1992, a couple of Moore's associates lobbied Hunt to appoint him. The call came while he was attending a Veterans Day ceremony at his old high school."" From Moore's Website: ""During his legal career, Judge Moore became the first full-time Deputy District Attorney in Etowah County, Alabama, and served in this position from 1977 until 1982. In 1984, Judge Moore undertook private practice of law in Gadsden, Alabama."" So, from 1982 to 1984, Moore become a kick-boxing champion and an Australian cowboy. From 2003, Moore was one of the most celebrated and ferocious Christian populists and preachers in the United States. From October 31, 2017. Two weeks ago. NO MENTION OF TEENAGE GIRLS. We know that Moore has incredible discipline, and he's made TONS of enemies due to his strict moral code. NOW, the local papers and a handful of people--less than 15 in all--say that Moore was notorious for prowling malls and football games, and he dated only teenage girls. Not one of Moore's alleged consensual teenage dates has come forward. Not one. Two accusers say Moore approached them during Christmas of 1977. My guess is they said that so that it would align with the yearbook message. A woman says she worked with Moore as a Deputy District Attorney in 1982. She says it was an open secret that Moore dated only teenagers. Now, I find it absolutely impossible to believe these accusations. A man who trains himself to become a CHAMPION KICK BOXER IN NINE MONTHS does not behave this way. Moore was such a disciplinarian in the Military Police that his men called him ""Captain America."" He cleaned up the drug use and overall slovenliness. If you oppose Roy Moore, you make a BETTER ARGUMENT. You don't lie about him. That's fascism. We need to be better than that... ADDENDUM: Unless Moore's handwriting has changed, the yearbook signature is a forgery. Look at the ""R"" and ""y"" in ""Roy."" Also, ""12-22-77"" and ""Olde Hickory House"" were written by a different person. Look at the two versions of the number ""7."" ""Old Hickory House"" in Gadsden was never called ""Olde Hickory House."" The person who forged the signature got the name wrong. In 2011, the name was changed to ""Smoke House Barbecue LLC."" It appears to have gone out of business. As of this moment, I can find no evidence that the accusations being made against Roy Moore have any validity. If I'm being told to choose, then as of right now, I believe the judge. AND things are looking bad for his accusers... ADDENDUM TWO: Moore was accused of using his charity to pay himself $180,000 a year. Very complicated stuff. The payments came between 2007 and 2012. The IRS audited and said that the payments COULD jeopardize the charity's tax-exempt status. So what does that tell us? The IRS can't decide if the situation is clear cut. That didn't stop the press from running with it, of course. The Foundation for Moral Law wasn't fined or put out of business. So was there something shady? It's just not clear to me. That was October 11, 2017. It didn't stick. So finally we got teenage girls. They threw everything they could at this guy. Again, perfectly reasonable to oppose him. Not a problem with me. But these accusations came in a cluster after Moore spent FOURTEEN YEARS in the national spotlight. Thousands of people wanted to bring him down. I say fourteen years, but in Alabama, it was actually 40 years in the spotlight. His issue with teenage girls--that ""everybody knew about""--never come up ONCE in forty years. I don't believe the accusations. Sorry. ADDENDUM THREE: makes a great point: Yearbooks are published at the end of the school year: summer. Christmas is the MIDDLE of the school year. Well, that's that. The accuser said she was issued her yearbook in December. Southside High School. The school Website. Yearbook FAQs. The yearbook is issued in August, not December. This stunt was dreamed up by people in their fifties to seventies. They forgot that school years end in the summer. I forgot it too! The people behind this accusation chose December, because that's when the YEAR ends. But the school year ends in the summer, and the yearbook is issued in August. And thus collapses the accusation. Oh well."
" People ask me: What's happening in Syria? The answer: Something incredible. Bashar al-Assad is making deals with the al-Nusra Front, the Islamic State, and Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham (HTS). Assad gives the terrorists free passage, and then his ragtag army marches in and claims that it liberated the city. This is REALITY. What happened in the above case that for the first time EVER, the US interfered in one of these duplicitous deals. We bombed the roads, stopping the buses, and then we picked off all armed men who appeared out of or coming toward the buses. Eventually the Syrian Arab Army advanced past the buses, so the Islamic State became Assad's headache again. So that's one thing: The US is busting up these ""enemy yesterday, friend today"" deals. We've NEVER done that. While THAT'S happening, the Syrian Democratic Forces are smashing the hell out of the Islamic State in Raqqa. The combat is conducting in total secrecy. Look how fast they're cranking out the English subtitles. This is to show the world that THESE fighters are friends of the west. Now, back to Darat Izza, Aleppo. The citizens took up arms and drove out Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham (HTS). HTS are allied with al-Qaeda. Hardcore Islamist jihadists. The citizens had had enough. In response to an ultimatum by Abu Mohammad al-Julani, head of al-Nusra-al-Qaeda, the citizens said this. They're not on either side. And they're ready to fight harder. You can bet that they have help. Very LETHAL help. As of right now, I don't know what's happening in Darat Izza. Remember a guy named Erdogan? He invaded northern Syria in Operation Euphrates Shield, bringing tanks and advisers. The tanks didn't fare well. That's new technology. Antitank guided missiles don't ATOMIZE tanks. The Turks were unable to use their tanks effectively. They used them as artillery pieces. A tank should instead be used as mobile fortress that attacks. It appears that Turkey has lost the ability to fight. Turkish-supported Islamist commanders are giving up. Erdgoan himself gave up. ""Don't you dare arm the Kurds!"" he told Trump. Trump's answer: Erdogan's answer to Trump's answer. ""My dear friend Donald."" Hey! Look! Massive deal. The ART of the deal. People said that a businessman could not be president. Well, Trump is treating geopolitics as his business empire. Trump has DELEGATED responsibility to those who know best how to do the job. That way he doesn't have to micromanage. The Middle East is changing at warp speed. And Trump is there to HELP, not inflict or issue orders. It's a great time to be alive. Nothing can change that conviction..."
" I will confess a dirty secret. I love ""house music."" This is electronic music created by mixers such as Marshall Jefferson, the man in the photo above. I love all electronic music. AND I love Led Zeppelin, Gentle Giant, Johnny Cash, Bulgarian chalga, Turkish folk music, Venezuelan gaita... The only music I can't get into is Mexican banda. It's just not possible. I'm going to post a great ""deep house"" song, but I need to explain its convoluted history. This allows me to talk about what I see as societal failures. I hate Japanese anime. I think it's VERY destructive. This is one of the many reasons that I despised the ""alt-right""--all 5000 of them. The obsession with anime is a sickness. In 1995 there was an anime movie called ""Ghost in the Shell,"" about a naked female cyborg assassin. I never saw it. A live-action version of ""Ghost in the Shell"" was made in 2017, starring Scarlett Johannson. They put her in a plastic naked-suit. Didn't see it. The trailer made me feel disoriented. I couldn't believe that they'd made this movie. In 1997, a house-music group called the Wamdue Project released a song titled ""King of My Castle,"" with vocals by Gaelle Adisson. The song was remixed by Roy Malone in 1998 and became a smash hit. The official video for the remix consisted of footage from the 1995 anime film ""Ghost in the Shell."" Now, someone on YouTube has combined footage from both the anime and live-action versions of ""Ghost in the Shell,"" which perfectly illustrates why falling in love with adult cartoons is so dangerous. I'm still amazed that they made the live-action version. It's beyond pathetic. I was never a fan of Scarlett Johansson. ""Lost in Translation"" was VERY apt title. The movie didn't translate. It was a middle-aged man's fantasy, even though it was directed by a woman. is right when she talks about how women abuse other women in Hollywood. A female director turned Scarlett Johansson into a piece of meat. The opening credits rolled over Scarlett's giant underwear-clad bottom. A disaster of a film. Too many men want cartoon dolls. That's how we got Harvey Weinstein. Before I post the video, I'll tell you something: When I was 38, an 18-year-old fell in love with me. I gently dissuaded her. One of the reasons why is that as we sat at the kitchen table talking at night, I could see our reflections in the window. I was a middle-aged man, and she was a kid. She needed to be with a kid, not a middle-aged man. We would've been ridiculous together. I looked like her father. If we HAD gotten together, I'd STILL be a middle-aged man. That's all I'd be thinking of. ""I'm old enough to be her father."" Guess what WOULDN'T happen under the sheets with thoughts like that going through my head? So here's a SONG I love. I can still love it, even though I'm 55. My mother loved Led Zeppelin when she was in her eighties. Great song, TERRIBLE video. Naked female cyborg assassins? You guys need to see a doctor. FAST... "
" Wow! I had no idea that San Francisco was so up front about giving illegal aliens the right to murder Americans. From the defense attorney himself: ""I believe today is a vindication for the rights of immigrants."" There it is, in plain language. He's saying that illegal aliens have the RIGHT to violate ALL our laws, including the law against murder. Stunning. So there's doubt now. The defense was, ""He's an illegal alien, so he has the right to do whatever he wants, including firing pistols in crowds and killing your children."" I have no idea how San Francisco thought that this was going to help them in their lust for protecting illegal aliens. It's ONE THING for a jury to acquit a murderer because he's an illegal alien. But it's quite ANOTHER THING for the defense attorney to say that the acquittal is a vindication of the concept that illegal aliens have the RIGHT to commit crimes, even murder. When THIS statement goes viral, we'll see MASSIVE changes all across the country. And we can thank this demented, hyperpartisan, immoral lawyer..."
" A B-52 flies 644 miles per hour. The base in Qatar is 1000 miles from Deir Ezzor. NOW we're told that the air strikes began right after the assault started. So the B-52s were ALREADY THERE, as were all the other aircraft. We pounded the Russians for three hours. Pinned them down and then killed them. There's absolutely no chance in hell that B-52s and Ac-130s would be called in for a Syrian militia, the way Der Spiegel claims. It was a trap. We had to show the Arabs and Iranians that we are no longer the way we were in 1991. If the Iranians call for help, Trump will give it to them. The Iranian armed forces can now trust us to act on Trump's promise... "
" So the Turks are putting out fake videos. This is an antiaircraft cannon exhibition. Here are the weapons. And the same video from May of 2016. Now THIS video from the Kurdish YPG is real. Those are two Turkish Leopard 2 main battle tanks. Some were destroyed in 2016. The Turks also lost at least one M60 main battle tank. I can't tell you if this is real, but I think it is. In one battle, the Turks lost 10 Leopard 2 main battle tanks, one M60 main battle tank, two infantry fighting vehicles, one tactical wheeled armored vehicle, and one improved armored personal carrier. Those are MASSIVE losses, at least 25 percent of the entire expeditionary force sent to Syria. Back to the YPG video. This pink dot is the ""beacon"" of an antitank guided missile (ATGM). Pink means a beacon filled with Xenon gas. THAT means that the missile launcher has thermal sights. The missile gunner keeps a cross hair on the tank, and the thermal sight watches the missile and automatically guides it to the cross hair. ALL Kurdish TOW missile launchers lack the thermal sight. This is a TOW launcher with a thermal sight. Another. Since the Kurds lack launchers with thermal sights, that means that commandos ATTACHED to the Kurds are destroying the Turkish tanks. They aren't American commandos. The Turks will have their butts handed to them. Which is what I told you would happen..."
" In the past, the US tried to BEG North Korea to behave. Of course, this was an abysmal failure. North Korea has about 13,000 artillery pieces aimed at Seoul. Everybody said that it was impossible to take them out. Well... What it it's now possible? What if SOMEBODY has developed electronic warfare and kinetic capabilities that can destroy 13,000 artillery pieces in three seconds? Nanodrone swarms. The ability to hack into North Korean communications and have them fire at each other. It happened in Syria and Turkey. The North Koreans--for the first time ever--are afraid. Our allies have the ability to hack into the North Korean communications network and broadcast a fake Kim Jong-un. An actor can wear a CGI ""mask"" and speak through a ""translator"" that uses Kim's voice. Our allies can wreak total havoc. They defeated Russia, Iran, Assad, and Hezbollah. Easily. Trump has promised our allies that the US will never again force them to do what WE want, against their will. In return, our allies have shared their goodies. A women recently told me that Guam is full of Saudis. I think the balloon already went up, but it's a low-key war that the North Koreans will deny is even happening."
" brings up a point. I want to talk about POLITICS. Let's not swerve this into other issues. Here's my take on the POLITICS of transsexualism: Leftists have have co-opted male-to-female transsexualism. Why? Because the POLITICAL message is that men make better women than women do. There's a class of adult cartoons that show busty females with male organs. These fantasy figures ALL SAY THE SAME THING: A REAL woman is a man. AGAIN: I'm talking about the LEFTIST takeover of this issue. I'm not talking about living, breathing human beings who are themselves living through this. So let's stick to the POLITICS of it. If you go to Google Images and put in ""Hentai d*ck girl conversations,"" you'll find graphic, adult cartoons for heterosexual men. These cartoons do nothing but denigrate women. And THAT is the point of politicizing this issue. The average PERSON impacted by this issue doesn't use it as a political weapon. But for those who HAVE politicized it, the overt agenda is that men are superior to women, EVEN AS WOMEN. Now, I've made LOTS of contacts in the leftist political world. They tell me that each group is vying for power AT THE EXPENSE of other groups. It's the GROUPING that has robbed leftism of its power. I've known one transsexual. This was a male-to-female transition. And it didn't work. She looked exactly like Joey Ramone. She worked in Barnes and Noble. Here in OH SO ENLIGHTENED California, none of staff talked to her, and no customers went to her cash register. So I did. If the mob attacks, I always go against the mob. This person was wary at first. When I signed my check, she said quietly, ""A fellow lefty."" So I boomed, ""Per 'er there, pal!"" and held out my left hand. We shook hands. I went to the bookstore once or twice a week, and I always went to that cash register. We liked the same children's books, by Holling Clancy Holling and Robert McCloskey, for example. We talked about how these books made us feel. From books we went to art. We both worshiped Maxfield Parrish. And then one day I saw that her upper front teeth were gone. Someone had knocked them out. I didn't ask about it. Eventually the store closed, and that was that. But. For me AND MY REPUBLICAN MOTHER and my REPUBLICAN BROTHER, transsexualism didn't enter into it. Her transition didn't work. But I would've easily had the person as a friend, because we shared so many interests. I wouldn't have been embarrassed to go out in public with her. The entire discussion--to me--is inhumane. All I can see is that person with her front teeth knocked out. And when you add the anti-woman viewpoint of those who politicize this issue, it becomes a nightmare. It seems designed to make people on all sides suffer. My own view is that if politics are removed, then the issue becomes far more manageable to everyone. But leftists politicize EVERYTHING. And THAT is what is leading to their downfall..."
" AHA! ""Above ground, Sayed Sadeq Mousavi, an elderly cleric wearing a black turban, was blunt about his politics: 'At the beginning I was a revolutionary, but I have become disillusioned.'"" ""Mohammad Ebadi, a portly cleric in a white turban, agreed that blending Islam and politics had tainted people’s perception of the clergy."" ""'I’m a simple mullah, but people associate me with the theocracy,' he said. 'When they see me, they put all the blunders of the government on me.'"" ""On a recent day, a middle-aged mullah in a robe and turban came into the cafe and struck up such an intimate conversation that he left behind a pipe and tobacco flakes as gifts, Ebrahim Mahmoudi said."" ""The man was considering sending his 21-year-old daughter to study in Germany, but had to grapple with leaving her on her own in the dissolute West."" ""'He knew she would be exposed to things,' Mahmoudi said. 'He told her: ""If you have sex, it does not mean you are a sinner."" I was surprised. It was a very progressive way for a mullah to talk.'"" ""Others too were adapting their faith. Marzieh Taheri, a woman from the southern port city of Bushehr, said she and her husband no longer sought out local clerics for guidance on personal matters."" It APPEARS that the only problem with Iran is the government. Maybe that problem is about to be fixed..."
" is another small person with an enormously bloated sense of self. But he wants attention. I'm here to please. Here's his Website. As you can see, he's incredibly dull. Also, William DOESN'T KNOW ANYTHING about the CIA. He instinctively belittles, yet he has no factual knowledge. William can't tell you off the top of his head how many men are in the CIA Special Activities Center Special Operations Group. I can. Can William tell you the five CIA directorates? William is the second ""journalist"" to come after me today. The first said I'm a ""neocon."" Disobedient Media turns out to have the EXACT obsessions as the rinky dink ""journalists"" who called me a neocon. ""US intelligence agencies have had a long history of intervention in Iran."" Here's what unites William and everyone like him: A total disdain for Middle Easterners. Unlike William, I spent two years studying the wars in the Middle East. I studied them daily. Here's how to understand geopolitics: Learn about weapons. The weapon tells you the intentions of the user. In videos from Yemen, Syria, and Iraq, I saw advanced weaponry that didn't kill. Instead, it destroyed military objects. Can William tell you what former Saudi national security adviser General Anwar Eshki (ret) said in June of 2015? Of course not. William is a dumbass. A surface skater. General Eshki explained the Saudi position: The Middle East must be free of interference from both regional and international forces. I read that in June of 2015. EVERY SINGLE DEVELOPMENT since then has gone according to that guiding principle. William doesn't know THIS: That's an OLD list. It doesn't include Russian generals and the third-generation Hezbollah commanders who are now dead. ""Disobedient Media"" is the name that teenager would choose. I'm not a teenager. Unlike William, I'm a grown man. William is wasting your time. He won't tell you ANYTHING worthwhile. Maybe that's why he and these other rinky dinks are upset with me. There's no secret to getting people to read your stuff. Provide good content. That's all. Today three different Russian and Russia-affiliated people have come after me. This woman claimed to be an American ""working middle class mom."" Hey! Look where William appears! He broke a huge story on RT. I'll let him tell you about it. Don't you wish you hadn't tried to belittle me, William? I'm betting you do..."
" YouTube always deletes the accounts that post the best videos. Here are screen grabs from a video after the battle of Fallujah in 2016. Iraqi tank driver. LOOK AT HIM! He's the nicest man who ever lived, and he has a gray beard. A professional. The man filming talks to the masked gunner, and the gunner just nods. The gunner is not Iraqi, but the man filming is not perturbed. These are allies. The tank crew stops for lunch, and they are overwhelmed by sheep that they call ""terrorists."" One of my favorite images to come out of Iraq. After so many years of misery and war, they know that all will be well... ADDENDUM: I'm blocking everyone who makes insulting jokes about that image. I posted the image because it moves me. If you are so coarse that you have to crap on something that moves me, I want nothing to do with you..."
" Okay. First we have the video of the Puerto Rican truckers' union confirming that they're on strike. The reason is a law passed three weeks ago. Here's the law in question. These are PORT truckers. They're on strike over the new law. AND! Apparently they're demanding triple wages from FEMA, paid in advance. Thus we see AGAIN that Puerto Rico and ONLY Puerto Rico is to blame. Not Trump. Operation Katrina has officially failed. The truth will now inevitably come out."
" Hey! Two confirmations in one day! This is the FN SCAR (Special Operations Forces Combat Assault Rifle). That's an American Navy SEAL using it. Here's a member of the Saudi Special Forces with a Scar-17. My theory was that the Saudis followed the lead of the Germans in World War I: German Special Forces were called ""shock troops"" (Stosstruppen). Here's how a land force is broken down, from biggest to smallest unit. Army Corps Division Brigade Regiment Battalion Company Squad The Germans had dedicated shock troops at each level. Finally, they said, ""To hell with it,"" and they trained every single soldier in ""shock-troop tactics"" (Stosstrupptaktik). What this meant was that every single man in the land force could operate with men from every other unit. To be REALLY effective, you need to be able to carry out ""fire and maneuver."" Watch the second clip. Maneuver. Two men haul ass on the right. As THEY ran, THESE two men (left) were providing ""fire."" See the rifle? As THOSE two guys maneuvered, THIS guy was providing fire. Finally, we see a guy get up (right center). He was providing fire the whole time. Fire and maneuver is leapfrogging. In World War I, the smallest German unit capable of fire and maneuver was the 15-man ""Unit Squad"" (Einheitstrupp). Today's Arab soldiers have such heavy firepower that TWO men can undertake fire and maneuver. So I said a while back that I thought the Saudis had trained ALL their men to be strategic special operators. The SCAR-17 is the Special Operations Forces Combat Assault Rifle. Well, here we have a Saudi CONVENTIONAL soldier with the SCAR-17. His face is uncovered, so he isn't a member of an official unconventional warfare unit. The caption says ""A member of the ground forces on the southern border."" The Saudis wouldn't give a SCAR-17 to someone just for kicks. The guy has been trained to use it. So my guess is that the Saudis have trained their entire armed forces as special operators. The Germans did it in 1917, so there's no reason why the Saudis couldn't do it today..."
" HOW brilliant are the Saudis? THIS brilliant. ""Prince Khaled Al-Faisal, emir of Makkah and adviser to Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques, issued directives that young Saudi citizens who are employed with the private sector in the region must wear Saudi dresses while women employees should wear dresses."" Do you see what the emir did? He's issuing regulations for how WOMEN IN THE WORKFORCE should dress. They COMPLETELY SKIPPED OVER the ""Should women be allowed to work?"" question and went right into ""Women in the workforce should wear ____________."" They're avoiding every single possible pitfall of massive societal change. The secret is distraction and discretion. Westerners are making FUTILE demands. Pointless jabbering. Who knows best how to handle societal change in Saudi Arabia? Maybe...THE SAUDIS?! ""NOT GOOD ENOUGH!"" Well, it's good enough for me. I see the big picture, and I take the long view. By the way, we're not REALLY in a position to be making demands. We radically change our geopolitical positions every four to eight years, which makes it IMPOSSIBLE for other countries to depend on us. The Saudis are a great people. And they're just going to continue getting greater..."
" has an opinion with which I disagree. The obituary of tanks has been written too many times to count. It depends on how you USE them. I began studying the armed forces of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) in June of 2015. It was clear that they had invented a new kind of fighting unit: Strategic special forces. It appears that strategic special forces are a joint Israeli-Arab invention. In 2011, the Israeli Defense Forces announced the founding of Depth Corps, which commands operations deep in enemy territory. And then one of Depth Corps' former commanders announced the Second Revolution in Military Affairs (2RMA). The Revolution in Military Affairs (RMA) took place in the late 1980s. It recognizes the role of advanced technology in war-fighting. The 2RMA is the formation of ""C6ISR units."" Command, Control, Communications, Computing, Cyber Warfare, Commando, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance. Special forces have become strategic assets. Before, they were tactical assets. What the Gulf Cooperation Council did was create units that are basically Green Berets with their own tanks, air power, artillery, and naval capabilities. This idea goes back to World War One. The Germans created assault battalions that had all the weapons of a division. It was unclear how C6ISR units fought until the Australian army did an after-action report on the Battle of Mosul. Strategic special forces fight in ""combined arms micro teams."" One tank, one bulldozer, one gunship, one infantry squad, one antitank squad, and one sniper squad. You can add elements to the micro team. A self-propelled artillery piece, a mortar squad, a machine-gun squad, an engineer squad, a commando squad. Here's a T-54 tank in Yemen, fighting against the Houthis in Taiz. The tank is protected as it works. Mechanized infantry makes sure that there's nobody with antitank missiles around. The editing obscures the fact that the tank is protected by multiple trucks full of infantry. THere's also light artillery. And multirole fighters. Each of these elements is combined into one unit. One micro team. Everyone has tablets that show digital maps of the battlefield. Every soldier, tank, light artillery piece, etc. appears as a dot with a number. So all the micro teams know where all the others are. The micro teams coordinate without having to be told what to do. They're autonomous BUT working together. We ourselves are not ready to do this. We still have too much rivalry between all the branches of the service. But micro teams are the future. So we'll adopt them at some point. And that means we'll keep our tanks..."
" From the same state that tore apart and devoured Roy Moore. Here is the ""Definition of Moral Turpitude Act."" Under the new law, the following felonies are no longer considered ""moral turpitude."" Arson, animal abuse, firearms violations, fraud, conspiracy to commit fraud, torture of adults, stalking, terrorist threats, vandalism, property damage, and domestic violence. So you can BURN DOWN your neighbor's house and stick him with needles, but you can still vote if you're convicted. But if you and your wife engage in Swedish bicycles rides, you can go to jail and lose the right to vote. Priorities! Gotta LOVE Alabama..."
" The ""CSI effect"" is sweeping the nation. Let me tell you what it's like to be murdered. I'll show you what happens inside your head. You're putting VERY unrealistic faith in the perceptions of people undergoing the most traumatic experience a human can endure: I've had serious car accidents, falls, heart stoppage, a near plance crash. Nothing compares to being murdered. December 28, 1995. My brother and I were unloading books from a truck in the parking lot of our store. This guy came out of the darkness. Otto Dix said, ""Painting is an act of exorcism."" So I painted the guy to exorcise him. He was bobbing and weaving like a boxer,. and he was laughing. The second I saw him, I knew I was dead. He screamed, ""Don't f*ck with me, man,"" and pointed an Intratec TEC-9 in my face. The muzzle was about a foot from my right eye. I completely lost my mind. A voice in my head said as clear as a bell, ""Time to die."" Then a countdown began. ""Ten."" I dropped my books and ran. Everything slowed down. Each step took an hour. Everything was totally silent. I could hear my footsteps going chip chip chip on the pavement. ""Nine."" There was a stream of total gibberish running through my mind. ""Goldenrod welder's fees Nazi bastards playing field Alcatraz."" I realized I was seeing everything for the last time. So I started saying goodbye to it all. ""Eight."" Goodbye streetlamp. Goodbye trees. Goodbye stars. Ocean liners never sink washing machine chocolate pie sunrise over the manger. ""Seven"" There was a swelling crescendo of cacophonous music, exactly like in ""A Day in the Life."" It was the sound of my life ending. ""Six."" When the countdown reached ""One,"" the guy would shoot me in the back of the head. I felt the exact spot where the bullet would hit. ""Five."" The bullet would blow out my teeth and my brains, but I'd FEEL it. The sensation would be like getting water up your nose, but it would also be crunchy. Then the cold night air would rush into the raw, open wound. ""Four."" I'd fall down and scrape my palms on the pebbles, and then I'd die. Overhead, a jet was flying to LAX. I hated everyone on that plane, because they were safe. I wanted the plane to explode. Watercress makes eggs across the pond except for chitlins and rice ""Three."" That swelling music was deafening. ""Two."" HERE I GO HERE I GO HERE I GO HERE I GO HERE I GO ""One."" Nothing. Did it happen? I didn't know. But my brother was still back there, so I had to see if he was alive. I ran around the truck. My brother was in midair, leaping like a gazelle over a box of books. The top of his head rammed into my face, breaking my nose. My glasses fell off, so I was blind, but we made it into the store and called 911. Long story short, the store owner hired these guys to kill us and fake a robbery so he could make an insurance claim. He was a total psychopath. We found out he had a seventy-year career of conning people. He broke and about to lose the store, so he set up this fake robbery. What saved us was the gun. The would-be killer got all joked up in his Hollywood ass-kicking commando outfit, and he chose the baddest-looking gun he could find. But unless you scrupulously CLEAN the TEC-9, it jams. It's known as the ""Jam-o-matic."" My brother said the guy was running after me, pointing the gun at my head. I have no doubt he tried to kill us. It was an utterly primal experience. A few seconds of total mental collapse. Unless you've experienced it, you can't comprehend how traumatic it is. People undergoing this kind of trauma are not reliable witnesses. The stories of multiple gunmen are incorrect. Seriously: Unless YOU were almost murdered, I don't want to hear from you about this stuff. You're wasting my time. AND you're pissing me off with your incredibly sheltered, safe, intact, unharmed opinions that have no bearing on reality. What did I feel? I felt incredibly sad. I was going to have my brains blown out in a parking lot at night. It was the saddest thing I've ever gone through. Murder isn't a game. You need to get down on your knees and give thanks that you have no idea what it feels like to be murdered. And you need to stop pestering me with your ridiculous bullshit..."
" Hey! The sickest man in Southern California is projecting onto Judge Moore! And I'm not an APOLOGIST, Antonio. I'm a SUPPORTER. You know how that happened? Diseased people such as yourself made me RESEARCH the judge, and I found him to be a VERY admirable man, even though we don't share social viewpoints. Because I ADMIRE the judge and his personal accomplishments, I've put aside our differences, and now I support him fully. If you, Antonio, lived to be 800,000 years old, you would NEVER be able to put aside politics, hate, bacon and eggs, and anime lesbians. Stick with your cartoons. Attempts to interact with humans will not end well. Begone!"
" This is the trap they're setting for you: ""Prove the women are lying."" No. PROVE that Roy Moore did these things. Here's what I did: I researched Moore as thoroughly as I researched Donald Trump. BEFORE the accusations began, I knew of Moore from his Ten Commandments days. That's all I knew about him. I wasn't following the Alabama senate race, because I don't live in Alabama. The accusations began, and I knew immediately that the totally messed-up woman was lying. Her background indicated lots of pathology. Out of curiosity, however, I began researching Roy Moore, and I became fascinated by how the press had TOTALLY DISTORTED this very complex man. Then Gloria Allred emerged. I thoroughly examined the accuser's claims and found them to be completely WANTING. The yearbook in December, the brutality of the assault, the fact that the women kept saying that Moore was the District Attorney. Then I watched the Allred press conference and saw that it was the same old scripted performance that included Gloria hugging the accuser, and the accuser dabbing at her eyes. I saw first that the signature was forged. Then I saw that two different inks were used. I knew then that this was an organized political hit job on Roy Moore. Here are the events that brought Moore to local and public notoriety: He was appointed the first full-time Assistant District Attorney for Etowah County on October 1, 1977. In December of 1979, Moore publicly criticized the local legal system in The Gadsden Times. Moore had to sue for a pay raise in 1981, which he got. In 1981 the news of the grand-jury indictment of Glencoe Mayor Ronnie Rampey was published in the The Birmingham News 30 minutes before Rampey was arrested. Alabama law prohibits officials from releasing any information concerning a grand jury case until the person indicted has been arrested. Moore says his bosses accused him of being the leak of the news of the indictment. ""Courthouse observers [said] the probe of the leak was 'politically motivated by some Etowah County officials who are ""out to get"" Assistant District Attorney Roy Moore.'” Moore finally got Mayor Ronnie Rampey removed from office on corruption charges, but only after TWO impeachments. In 1982, Moore lost his bid to become a Circuit Court judge. He said that after that defeat, he essentially barred from practicing law in Gadsden. I forgot that in 1981, Moore ALSO convened a grand jury to investigate whether the sheriff's department was underfunded. This was considered an attack on his superiors, so he was hit with ethics charges that were dismissed. In 1983 Moore became a professional kick boxer, and then he went to Australia to be a cowboy. In 1984 Moore returned to Gadsden and opened a private practice. He ran for District Attorney in 1986 but lost to the establishment candidate. Between 1986 and 1992, Moore ran his practice, and then he was appointed Etowah County presiding judge. He spent the next six years battling the ACLU in court over his Ten Commandments wall plaque. The case was dismissed. In December of 2000, Moore became chief justice of the state supreme court. He put up the Ten Commandments sculpture six months later. He was removed from office in November of 2003 because of it. Moore was again elected chief justice of the state supreme court in November of 2012. In May of 2016, Moore was suspended for ordering probate judge to not issue same-sex marriage licenses. In September Moore was removed from the bench. Moore's entire career has put him at odds with powerful, moneyed, and deeply antagonistic forces. But there was never a HINT that he was mistreating women. In 2003, stories of Moore preying on young women would've served multiple political and social purposes. But nothing came out. Nothing. Nothing. We went from NOTHING to Moore is a RAPIST. And now he's a ninja butt grabber. According to the accusers, he has no brakes--but he stops. This deeply serious, disciplined, ambitious man WITH POWERFUL ENEMIES allegedly jeopardized everything, yet he has no history of compulsive or self-destructive behavior. Why are the accusations--perfect? Down-to-the-letter tailored to derail Moore/s candidacy? Suddenly he's every parent's nightmare, a literal boogeyman. Why did NONE OF THIS come out over the many years that Roy Moore fought political and legal battle? There's ONLY ONE ANSWER: The accusations are false. This is an organized political hit job. A mafia is trying to take out the judge. Only the voters can stop it from happening..."
" Here's the LAST time the Turks tried that. Most powerful antitank guided missile ever used in combat. They also lost TEN Leopard 2 main battle tanks and multiple M60s. The Turks have no idea how to use tanks in combat. You need infantry support. Russia has never learned that, and now the Turks are showing that THEY don't know that. If the Turks don't retreat, they'll be drawn into a trap and slaughtered. Right now, they're being given every chance to back off. If they insist on going forward, they'll be massacred..."
" Well, look: It's Twitter. I know that people come to depend on Twitter relationships, but we don't actually CONNECT with other users, except here. Out of all the connections I've made that the two of us expanded into real life, all ended in disaster except for one. I never contacted Rex outside of Twitter, so I'm not saying that's the case with him. Social media produces the ""Gyges Effect."" When you meet people in real life AFTER ""meeting"" them online, they let you down, and YOU let THEM down. So while it's disappointing to not read Rex's tweets for now, I would recommend that everyone try not to let it get them down. Social media plays lots of tricks on us. We have have to be careful to not get swept up in it..."
" Here's what I think happened: We know that Qatar funded these militias. It turns out that Qataris were being kidnapped, forcing the funding. I don't know how real the Qatar-Saudi feud is. The official story is that Qatar fears being annexed by Saudi Arabia. That's completely insane. So I think the Qataris and the Saudis worked out a way to hoodwink Iran and all its lackeys. Iran and Hezbollah use Qatari tech in their missiles and underground facilities. But we sell VERY advanced weapons to Qatar. So I think that the Qataris took what was once real and turned it into a sting operation. People think the Gulf Arab kingdoms have it made, but they were actually very vulnerable. The Saudis said this two years ago. On the record. Nobody in the CURRENT government has funded terrorism, so it was unprecedented for this admission to be made. The entire region is prone to instability and insecurity, so the leaders often do things that other countries don't. I think the Qataris and the Saudis--working together--pulled the wool over the mullahs' eyes. We can't think in terms of ""good guys"" and ""bad guys."" Think in terms of ""desperate"" and ""not desperate."" The recent comments by the mullahs and their lackeys show that they are on another planet. Mohammed bin Salman--on the other hand--is easily one of the most sane and thoughtful humans who ever lived. So my theory has become more plausible. The mullahs believe all their own propaganda. When you reach THAT stage, you're terminal..."
" UH-OH! If they went to ""Clash of the Titans,"" it wasn't in Gadsden, Alabama. The orange ticket says ""Fairlane Litchfield Theatres."" That's the name of the COMPANY. The COMPANY opened Rainbow Cinemas on December 21, 1979. AND...here's the theater. See the name? It later became Rainbow Cinema 8. But in 1981, it was called ""Rainbow Cinemas."" Fairlane Litchfield is the company. THESE are very old ticket stubs. Here are vintage Fairlane Litchfield tickets from the 1970s onward. See how they lack the hole for the dispenser sprocket that pushed out the tickets? The dispensers with the sprockets were replaced in the 1950s and 1960s. They'd be gone by 1981, especially since Rainbow Cinemas was only two years old... ADDENDUM: points out what I missed: The orange ticket says ""CHILD"" on it. Debbie Gibsion was 18 in 1981."
" The Tan Tube. I was on a train headed back to Stavanger from Oslo. We'd stopped in the Oslo train station. Right outside my window was a bench with six humans of indeterminate age. Four males and two females. All were swaying, even though they were sitting. One woman was talking so loudly that I could hear her through the window. As I looked a way, I saw what looked like a tan tube about three feet long suspended in midair in front of the man on the far right. The tube was about two inches in diameter. I looked back and saw nothing. The man was smiling. He was a red-faced blond with a soup-bowl haircut. His legs were widely spread, and his hands were on his knees. He had a cigarette. What the hell was that tan tube? Had I hallucinated it? No. As I watched, the smiling man leaned slightly forward and vomited up about three gallons of beer. It came out like water from a fire hose. Then I saw that all six were sitting in a lake of vomited-up beer. The Norwegians had painted the train platform the same color as beer-vomit. That tan tube was a jet of beer vomit that I'd caught out of the corner of my eye. These were all registered alcoholics. They were given apartments and money so that they could spend the day drinking. For whatever reason they liked to hang out in the train station, maybe dreaming of going to another country. Rather than mop up the beer-vomit, the Norwegians just painted everything the color of beer-vomit. That was almost forty years ago, but I can still see that sextet, sitting there in a tan lake as everyone hurried by, seeing nothing..."
" ""The FBI paid for the Russian dossier!"" But is that TRUE? ""Salacious and unverified."" --James Comey Who made the claim that the FBI paid for the dossier? ""People familiar with the matter."" These attributions are becoming incredibly childish. Not even ""senior intelligence officials,"" ""White House staff,"" or ""former FBI officials."" ""People familiar with the matter."" The president tweeted this. Here's the Fox News report. Do you know what a ""draft"" is? Here's a famous draft, written by General Dwight D. Eisenhower on June 6, 1944. ""Our landings in the Cherbourg-Havre area have failed to gain a satisfactory foothold and I have withdrawn the troops."" ""My decision to attack at this time and place was based upon the best information available."" ""The troops, the air and the Navy did all that Bravery and devotion to duty could do."" ""If any blame or fault attaches to the attempt it is mine alone."" A whole bunch of people are telling that many things are certain, but it's simply not true. Sun Tzu said that ""All war is deception."" Comey greeting Trump unexpectedly. His expression and posture indicate great respect, humor, and relief. For no reason at all, Comey suddenly used his Twitter account to send people on wild goose chases. As of YET, nothing has been proven. So my unsolicited advice? Don't invest in ANY narrative. You'll almost certainly end up disappointed..."
" The execrable perfectly illustrates leftist pathology. Did Trump shut down the government? No. Did the GOP shut down the government? No. The Democrats put illegal aliens ahead of MEMBERS OF THE US MILITARY. This was sent from Afghanistan. AFN = American Forces Network. ""Pay stops; missions continues."" will still be paid and will still be able to rake in all the OTHER money that Congress allows itself to rake in. The only way to stop this is to vote ALL Democrats out of office. They're telling and SHOWING us that they don't want to fix our problems. So relieve them of the responsibility to represent us... ADDENDUM: "
" Let's talk about 's tweet. THAT story breaks today. On May 3, 2018, a VERY conservative, VERY religious vice president graciously swore in our gay ambassador to Germany, as the ambassador's partner held the Bible. Did the vice president BOYCOTT the swearing in? No. I read tons of tweets from religious conservatives who fumed at the SLOWNESS with which the ambassador was sworn in. I'm not here to tell anyone how to think. BUT. It turns out that the RELIGIOUS CONSERVATIVES are far healthier in their approach to our changing culture. Remember that the vice president was mercilessly mocked for not attending parties without his wife? Well, how does that compare to smashing women in the face until they submit to your sexual desires? And I'll tell you something else: Trump knew about Schneiderman in 2013, right? That means that EVERYONE in New York knew about Schneiderman. I knew about Bill Cosby in 1993. They haven't told you the worst of it. I'm amazed that it's not in the news. Years ago I saw a Mad Magazine cartoon. Four women were having coffee. The hostess offered one a slice of chocolate cake. ""No,"" said the woman. ""It's too fattening. I'll take my coffee black and use artificial sweetener, so that way I can have a noncaloric coffee break."" ""Wow! You so disciplined!"" said the hostess. ""I really admire that."" ""I really did save a lot of calories, didn't I?"" said the other woman. ""In that case, I'LL HAVE A BIG SLICE OF CHOCOLATE CAKE!"" Her eyes were popping as she grabbing the spatula and cut off a hunk of cake five inches wide. Leftism is all about LIP SERVICE. By SAYING you won't have cake, that gives you the right to have FIVE TIMES AS MUCH CAKE. Because you're such a GOOD PERSON. I have no doubt whatsoever that NEVER thinks of himself as a ""good person."" And he certainly NEVER gives himself a REWARD for paying lip service to ideals. I'm not religious, but I understand the religious mindset. We have flaws. We battle to overcome those flaws. Leftism, on the other hand, is about SAYING the right things. As long as you SAY the right things, you can beat up women to your heart's content. I never understood the HATRED dircted at . Before the campaign, I knew nothing about him. I felt nothing one way or the other. The second GOP debate absolutely blew me away, but I realized that he'd used the FIRST debate to take the measure of all his opponents. So I frantically read everything I could by and about Trump. And then I was in. ALL in, 100 percent. I knew that Trump would be our greatest president, and I realized that he's a touchstone and a diagnostic tool. If you HATE him, you're insane. I understand The Donald not being your cup of tea, sure. But if you HATE him, the problem is with YOU, not HIM. I think he's exactly what the doctor--God--ordered. And these pathological rinky dinks are going to implode one after another. I was very moved watching Ambassador Grenell speaking after being sworn in. He promised to not let us down. I believe him. What's there to hate about Trump? He represents improvement. If you hate him, you're insane. So again, I'm not worried about anything. I haven't been worried since Trump defeated the recount plan that Soros and Michael Moore and Jill Stein hatched. THAT was staggering genius. I knew then that all would be well..."
" Incredible. Puerto Rico's roads, post hurricane. And the truck drivers confirm that they have gone on strike. ANYTHING TO BLAME TRUMP. Mind boggling."
" Oh nooooooooo! I can see why they couldn't resist each other. Strzok! looks like a mafia hit man. Look at the set of his jaw. "
" Guess what I first thought when I saw this video? ""That looks like the missile was hit with an active protection system."" In other words, the missile was hit with a tiny anti-missile missile. Well... ""Meanwhile, spokesman of the Arab coalition forces, Colonel Turki al-Maliki said the plane was hit at 15:48 local time (1248 GMT) by a missile fired from Saada airport camp, but caused no serious damage and the plane managed to return successfully."" This is a LARGE truck-mounted surface-to-air missile. I'm too tired to bother identifying it, but it's Iranian. The aircraft should've been blown out out the sky. But this burning fuel is from the MISSILE. The Saudis have little automated anti-missile missiles on their aircraft. It's a flying version of the Israeli Trophy active defense system for tanks. THAT is big news...."
" I'll tell you a story. I was in a 7-11 at 3:00 a.m. Since I was armed, I wasn't afraid. A kid asked the clerk if he could stay inside out of the cold, and the clerk said no. I asked the kid why he was on the street, and he said his family had thrown him out. He was Latino and VERY gay. They throw away gay sons. He said he could go to a girlfriend's house later in the day, but he had no money and he was freezing. So I took him to a Denny's after asking him to turn out his pockets and hold up his pants legs. See, I wanted to make him think I was afraid of HIM. In the car, I jabbered nonstop as he was thinking, ""What the f*ck am I doing?"" He was terrified. We got to the Denny's and I gave him $50 for food and a taxi. The staff said he could stay there until dawn. By that time he was crying, so I said, ""Look, just help someone someday, okay? Promise me you'll do that."" He promised. Tons of homeless people in LA are the ""lost boys"" whose families all over the country threw them out because they're gay. Men in limousines prey on them. As you know. And the men in the limousines who mercilessly abuse these lost boys? They all hate Trump. Funny, that..."
" IF--and that's a BIG IF--the Gulf Cooperation Council is going for regime change in Syria, they rehearsed it before. In Turkey. This is part of what happened in Turkey. The night of the ""coup,"" Turkish reporters were baffled. Incirlik Air Base is 45 seconds by air from Ankara. The ""Turkish"" F-16s had long-distance fuel tanks and no bombs. Over Ankara, the aircraft turned off their navigation and anti-collision lights and turned on a non-standard white light. The jets caused sonic booms to simulate bombing runs. What happened in Ankara was that SOMEONE hacked into ALL communications systems and made everyone turn against everyone else. The Turks then frantically faked ""evidence"" of the coup. These are supposed to be cops firing at helicopter gunships. Looks like ray guns shooting puffs of talcum powder. The Turks claimed that they shot down a gunship. That's a lie. That's an American Apache that crashed in South Korea. SOMEBODY tested regime change on the Turks. All you have to do is hack into their communications systems and give them bogus orders. The whole country will fall apart. This was also tested in Syria. The Russians were made to bomb Hezbollah multiple times. All this jibber-jabber about globalists and false flags is OBSOLETE. The REAL players are fifty years ahead of the rest of us. I saw an interview with a Yemeni commander. He said the war is taking a long time BECAUSE THEY'RE SPARING CIVILIANS. Is that a bad thing? The Yemenis have been trained to fight in the new style: Combined-arms micro teams. Each micro team will have one tank, one bulldozer, one gunship, one infantry squad, one antitank squad, and one sniper squad. You can add elements. One self-propelled howitzer, one mortar squad, one machine-gun squad. Each micro team is autonomous, but it sees all the others on digital maps. So they work out for themselves the best way to take the objective. So you need to stop your moaning about globalists and the military industrial complex. That's blather from a dead era. The Arabs have figured out how to make war itself obsolete. They can fight major conflicts in total secrecy, without killing civilians. A combined arms micro team could fit inside a C-130 Hercules. The Saudis alone have 133 C-130 Hercules. The UAE has more C-17 Globemasters than the British. So quit your bitching. For one thing, there's no reason. And for another, it won't stop the Arabs from defeating all the people you love..."
" A story on how real-life became social media. It begins with ""Weird Al"" Yankovic's bassist Stephen Jay, a genius musician, songwriter, and singer. I interviewed him, and then my photographer and I would do a photo shoot at the manager's office. ""You can't be late,"" the manager said. ""I can't impress that on you enough. It's going to be a busy day, so DON'T BE LATE."" On the day of the shoot, I went to the photographer's house, which was ten minutes from the manager's office. The photographer was working on his mountain bike. ""Let's go,"" I said. ""Just a minute,"" the photographer said. See, the day had finally come. My photographer was a self-saboteur. And now he was going to sabotage ME too. There was nothing I could do. I KNEW he was going to do this someday, so it was MY fault for continuing to work with him. So I sat there in silence and he tinkered with his bike until the time we were supposed to be at the manager's office. ""Okay, let's go,"" he said. This was West Hollywood. Bumper-to-bumper traffic at all times. So we were half an hour late. The manager was apoplectic. ""What did I tell you? WHAT DID I TELL YOU?"" He was like Robert De Niro in a mafia movie. ""You have FIVE MINUTES."" I went into the bathroom to put cold water on my flaming face. This voice came out of the toilet stall, as loud as a Qian 1 ballistic missile: ""It's not my fault! IT'S NOT MY FAULT! They were late! You're just going to have to wait!"" The toilet flushed, and ""Weird Al"" came charging out. He shoved me with both hands, stomped past, and went out. The photo shoot was finished, and so was I. In the car, the photographer mumbled, ""Wow. They were really pissed, weren't they?"" I got blackballed, and after just a few more agonizing months, I quit the music industry. The photographer told me that head shots was the end of the line. That's where he is. Taking nothing but head shots of actors you've never heard of. That's what social media is: millions of self-saboteurs headed for the end of the line. But they want to take YOU with them. People who used to like me are now hysterical because of this. You're asking, ""How insane is THAT?"" The point is, they're SELF-SABOTEURS. They never wanted improvement or success. But they're going to get improvement ANYWAY, because TRUMP is in charge. Go bitch to HIM about how you don't want improvement. He'll give you the Ali G treatment. If Trump ever looked at me like this, I'd delete my Twitter account and watch cat videos for the rest of my life. My face would never stop burning. It's true that we all end up in the same place, but the way we get there is what matters... "
" shows us what's wrong with social media. In Yemen, I've counted nine simultaneous ground offensives. Two headed toward Hodeidah, two headed toward Sana'a, one in Sadaa, one in Shabwa, one in Taiz, one in Al Jawf, and one in al Bayda. So I get THIS. The knee-jerk belittling. Now, this guy made a claim. Therefore I make a reasonable request: Prove your claim. SURPRISE! So he can't prove his claim, that the Yemen offensives pale in comparison to the one's carried out in Iraq. Not only THAT, he hallucinated that I made ""unsubstantiated claims."" There ARE at least nine offensives being carried out. That is NOT unsubstantiated. This is TYPICAL. It's why I got out of the military-history business. People become IRRATIONAL. They become BELLIGERENT for NO REASON. Let's do a quick real-time search. This is a how many troops went into Saudi Arabia. Now let's look up Operation Iraqi Freedom. 150,000 ground troops from 2003 to 2009. We don't know how many ground troops are fighting in Yemen. All we know is that 350,000 troops went to Saudi Arabia. I watched a two-hour live streaming of Exercise Northern Thunder. It's clear that it was a ruse to get 350,000 troops into the country. Where they went from there, nobody is saying. So filled his diapers for no reason. He got angry at me because he thinks I'm disrespecting his glorious military service. Irrational belligerence is what I get from too many American military whatever-they-ares. It's childish. It's embarrassing. It shows how FAR we've slipped as a culture. I'm not in the mood to spend Christmas blocking irrationally belligerent people WHO FOLLOW ME. So I'll see you all tomorrow..."
" Protestors trash a bank owned by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. And... Multiple masked men keep watch and tell the protesters to move on when danger approaches. Professionals. The help..."
" Here's what the Gulf Cooperation Council will face on the Golan Heights. This tank is junk. When they fired the main gun, a cloud of smoke came out the exhaust pipe. The engine is on its last legs. One of their homemade automatic cannons. It has no sights, so that means the gunner can't hit anything. When's the baby due, Abdul? No standards of physical fitness. Zero. These guys RUN FROM THEIR MORTAR when they fire it. That means they have training. They're afraid of the weapon. Here's how a trained mortar crew fights when under DIRECT FIRE. Back to the hapless Syrians. The box on the right is a tank. They build a pathetic jungle gyms around their junk-tanks in the hopes of stopping dual-warhead antitank guided missiles. The tank will be taken out with helicopter gunships. Finally, the tank on the left is from the 1967 war. You can tell by the camouflage. Assad kept these tanks in warehouses as reserves. Things don't look too rosy for him..."
" represents the old, dead mindset. There's no such thing as monolithic Islam. As a result, there's nobody to STOP Muslims from practicing Islam as they see fit. We're seeing it all around us, every single day. Saudi Arabia is instituting reforms that will be permanent. Why do I say that? Because the Saudis studied FAILURE. The biggest failure in regard to Islam is SECULARISM IMPOSED BY FORCE. Iran and Turkey. When you STEAL somebody's religion, that guarantees a future of religious fervor. In the past, Muslims were given a false choice: Theocracy or dictatorship. What about Azerbaijan? This is a secular country that doesn't SCREAM ABOUT IT, the way Turkey did. I'm sorry: People WILL be religious. If you tell them that their religion is garbage, they will DEFY you by going FURTHER in the direction you don't want. The best thing that non-Muslims can do is to SHUT UP. For years now, we've made demands. How did THAT work out? The new Saudi ethos is ""Do as you will, but harm none."" I know people don't believe that. But those people haven't been studying Saudi Arabia EVERY DAY FOR THREE YEARS, which is what I've been doing. ""Islam can never change"" is a STUPID thing to say, based on what's happening in the world. I've seen INCREDIBLE changes. The Saudis have gone further and faster than anyone in human history. Most Muslims just want to live their lives. Islam and the Middle East have had problems. Those problems are being addressed. I'm not here to have the same damn arguments that people were having in 2001. It's a different world. YOU don't have to agree with me. BUT. Don't try to rope me into a conversation about how evil Islam is. Our best allies are Muslim. I'm not going to insult them. Arab strategic commandos are my heroes. They're the best soldiers who ever lived. I'm not religious. My guess is that most of my heroes ARE religious. So YOU can hate Islam. But don't tell ME about it. Find someone else..."
" Qassem Suleimani! He talks! The date of his speech is said to be October 5, 2016. But he's referring to Salman's visit to Russia in June of 2015. The Russians dove into Syria in September of 2015. And Qassem was escorted off the planet in November of 2015. Qassem in October of 2015 compared to October of 2016. Nope. This was July of 2015. He's still dead. "
" Okay. Iranian forces in Syria are being smashed. Here's ANOTHER attack. Trump is dealing with the Pacific, while our allies in the Gulf Cooperation Council are handling the Middle East. This will make lots of people nervous, but you shouldn't be. I went back and found a video that I'm AMAZED is still up on YouTube. The Syrian Democratic Forces (QSD) were founded on October 11, 2015. That video was posted November 5, 2015. The video has TWO very important parts. First, when the Kurds run, listen to the covering fire. That's a wall of bullets. Militia don't provide such effective covering fire. Second, we had a man talking to the camera. Behind him are armored vehicles. Therefore another man BLOCKS THE VIEW of the vehicles. He's actually standing with his HEAD IN THE LEAVES in order to block the view. When the camera pulls back, the vehicles are censored. A man walks from the vehicles. I can't tell you where he's from. Whoever he is, he's not a Syrian Kurd or Arab. So more than THREE YEARS LATER, no leaks. Why would the people HELPING the Syrians keep it a secret? They keep it a secret because they don't want credit. They don't want the Syrians to be indebted. And THAT means ALL Middle Easterners can trust them. Trump is doing in the Pacific what the GCC is doing in the Middle East. In the Pacific, the Koreans will get all the credit. Trump doesn't care about credit. And in the Middle East, the GCC doesn't care about credit. They care about the REGION. said that the Middle East is one big family. I agree. As we speak, the mullahs are being readied for . Then IRANIANS will decide their own fate. Trump won't decide. Mohammed bin Salman won't decide. So be optimistic. Your freedom is coming soon..."
" Everything in the video is from my collection. To keep from meandering, I didn't point out that the first service book--that of Milfalm Schübert--shows that he engaged in over 100 flame combats and spent a cumulative year in hospitals. Schübert was decalred unfit for flamethrower duty and was transferred into the combat engineers--where he was a given a flamethrower to fight tanks. He was then detached from military service and worked in a factory until he was recalled. Then he joined the Flying Troops and worked on Giant (R-class) bombers. He survived the war. Nobody came up with effective defenses against flamethrowers. The French tried woven cane shields covered in dried mud! The flame jet produced superheated air that did more damage than the oil. Also, flamethrowers instantly consumed all the oxygen in enclosed spaces. If they sprayed a flame jet into a bunker, you either suffocated or ran out with your hands up..."
" Here's what everyone needs to understand: I'm not part of any ""white rabbit"" ""Storm"" ""Q"" social-media discussions. That stuff doesn't interest me. Why not? Because the REAL stuff is a million times more incredible than any of the things that have no evidence to back them up. Every single thing I say is based on some form of weapon or some form of military tactic or strategy or unit. That's where I always start. So I can't help you with symbols or cryptic pronouncements. What I do is look at a situation and try to find the weapon or unit that could have brought it about. I look for military alliances. I look at exercises. I look at patents. Pure speculation based on nothing concrete doesn't interest me. People ask me, ""What does THIS means?"" Well, unless it has something to do with the military, I probably can't help you. I predicted this. See? Two days ago. But it was based on MILITARY ISSUES. The USS Jimmy Carter has delivered special-operations troops to the Pacific at least twice. And we can knock out the North Korean artillery threatening Seoul. I learned that Kim Jong-un began preparing North Korea for freedom in 2012. ""The first significant step was the introduction of the so-called 'June 28th Measures'. These measures were introduced in 2012, but only became fully into force in 2013."" North Korea's few allies include Bulgaria and Benin. Both countries have strong connections to Saudi Arabia. Now that the Trump-Kim summit is going ahead, Saudi Arabia is rewarding Bulgaria and Benin. This project is financed mostly by Saudi Arabia. And Benin is a founding member of the Islamic Military Counter Terrorism Coalition (IMCTC). By studying military issues, I can made predictions. But there has to be something I can use as a BASIS for my predictions. So I'm not the right guy to ask about social-media phenomena. It's not my area of interest..."
" North Korea. You believe this? ""Analysts say that seismic activity detected Saturday near the site of North Korea's Punggye-ri nuclear site..."" ""May be aftershocks as a result of a nuclear test earlier this month."" I don't believe it. I think this is what happened. See? To me, this clinches it. ""The US Geological Survey said it could not conclusively confirm whether the quake...was manmade or natural."" ""Tremor not as powerful as previous nuclear quakes."" Here's the beauty part: Trump would never confirm that action had been taken, and the Norks could never admit it. So I'm guessing we and our allies took out...something. Surgically."
" brings up a very relevant point. When the Israelis left Lebanon and Gaza, guess what happened? Hezbollah and Hamas fired on them, and then took credit for driving them out. It didn't matter that the Israelis had ANNOUNCED their withdrawal. Hezbollah and Hamas USED the withdrawals in their propaganda. My guess is that the chemical attack was carried out so that Assad could claim to have driven the Americans from Syria. ""I defied the world! I made the Americans flee in terror! Obey me!"" Looks like Trump set another trap. Effortlessly..."
" and her cast have landed a SECOND season. President Barr now has a show and a cast to think about. Therefore you can all help her by understanding. This is a BIG DEAL. All the attacks on her FAILED. The fact that the character and the woman are Trump supporters HAD NO NEGATIVE IMPACT. I've never seen an entertainer treated so unfairly and so viciously. But Roseanne WON. NOW, what everybody can do is REMEMBER that Roseanne has a MASSIVE responsibility on her shoulders. Literally hundreds of people are depending on her. So what WE can do is try to not entangle her in things that will spook advertisers and the network. Think of THIS: A Trump supporter gets a SECOND season. The network is putting aside its politics. Because we know that most of the check writers don't support Trump. This is a VERY big deal, and we can all help Roseanne continue being successful. All we have to do is refrain from trying to bring her into discussions that have no upside for her. I'm not speaking FOR Roseanne, of course, but artists love to work. Roseanne LOVES her show. We've gotten used to Roseanne NOT working. So she was free to say whatever she wants. People are gunning for her. YOU BET THEY ARE. This guy just attacked her as a threat to democracy. You know who that screaming old lunatic is? Yup. Rob Reiner. The happiest man on earth. Everybody and his Grandpa Rob is going to attack Roseanne. What YOU can do is refrain from putting her in the position of having to choose between her art and VOICING her thoughts. Roseanne is working miracles. SHE KEEPS BEATING THE ODDS. The best artists are timeless and eternally hip. Rob Reiner is obsolete. Roseanne is cutting edge. Even though she just got her Social Security card. All of us can help Roseanne by retweeting her and by refraining. She's done enough. Now let's help her enjoy WORKING again. She deserves all the support we can give her..."
" My own approach to the Weinstein revelations. I MYSELF am indifferent to the political views of the women who were assaulted. As Finley Peter Dunne wrote in 1895, ""Politics ain't bean-bag."" What's bean-bag? This. People take their politics very seriously, so they're going to fight about them. Politics ain't bean-bag, and RAPE ain't politics. The people who should NOT be made into political props are the ones who suffered the assaults. To me, it doesn't matter what their beliefs are. We can ALWAYS find stuff to fight about. But as a society, we can't say rape is worse or better when the politics of the victims are taken into consideration. All totalitarian governments use rape as a tool for societal control. We can't minimize crimes simply because we disagree with the politics of the victims. EVEN AT THIS MOMENT, we can't think about the politics of the victims. They can still be saying things you find offensive. It's the CRIMINAL who matters. This isn't a contest: Who Is More Enlightened? I'm focusing on the criminal(s). Everyone can agree that rapists need to be removed from Hollywood. Later, we'll have MORE than enough time to fight about politics. Right now, I want the rapists busted. Everyone can help fix their wagons, once and for all. This time, it just might happen..."
" Tired of THIS. And tired of THIS. VERY tired of this. Awfully tired of THIS. Horns! They mow their lawns at night, because that's how it's done in the Old Country. This was about 120 decibels. Everyone has parrots too. You go, girl! Accordions in every direction. I'm done. I surrender. Now I'm moving back to the United States. Upper Mexico can stay this way. I'll be in Las Vegas... ADDENDUM: Forgot this one... "
" Let's ask ourselves how a hoax of this magnitude would be pulled off, okay? The entire Las Vegas Police Department is in on it. To a man and to a woman. The entire Clark County Sheriff's Department is in on it, to a man and to a woman. The entire FBI is in on it, to a man and to a woman. The entire staff of Mandalay Bay is in on it, to a man and to a woman. All 20,000 concertgoers at the Harvest Festival are in on it, to a man and to a woman. Every performer at the Harvest Festival is in on it. Why? Why have thousands of people sold their souls? At some point, reality has to intrude. Believing this horseshit means you're insane. You're not in touch with reality. I've paid my dues in the Humoring Crazy People Department. Now, YOU can believe whatever you want. But I myself believe that every single person who thinks there a conspiracy here? They're all insane. You can think that's unfair or whatever. But it's how I do Twitter. I'm not the go-to guy for conspiracy theories. I don't want to hear them. Thank you."
" The Syrian Democratic Forces had advisers, but the group had to learn to do things for itself. Did you spot the adviser in that video? Arab and allied advisers always blend into the background. But the commander of this squad checked with one man. He made eye contact with only one man. Looks are deceiving. The adviser has zero percent body fat. The commander checks with him again. No body fat, and forearms like Popeye. He has no ammunition. The rifle is for a last-ditch effort to survive. But his REAL weapons are his brain and his training. He won't say a word unless he's asked. And you'd never even notice him. Until he killed you..."
" For the second time ever, the US refuses another duplicity deal that would allow safe passage to terrorists. Only President Trump has had the courage to support our armed forces when they tell him these deals should be rejected. The State Department under Tillerson also rejects deals like these. It's a new world. No half-measures, no window dressing. The BBC says the deal would have saved lives. Raqqa has a population of 220,000, which has ALREADY BEEN SAVED. This deal would have released fewer than 1000 human shields and allowed the terrorists to flee. The Sunni tribal leaders were negotiating in bad faith, so their deal was rejected. The goal was to save the terrorists. The terrorists can surrender or die. They will not be allow safe passage."
" The first two shots are from a .50-caliber rifle. I would be VERY surprised if the regime were using such expensive, incredibly destructive ammunition on protesters. .50-caliber rifles are called ""anti-materiel"" rifles. They can take out car engines and light armor. Modern weapons have become very portable. The Iranian versions are monsters. Even the new Iranian ""Heidar"" rifle is very heavy and long. There's literally no reason for the security forces to use these weapons on protesters. Also, the bullet would create such horrific damage that a single photo of a victim would cause a tremendous backlash in Iran. This is a .50-caliber high-explosive incendiary armor-piercing (HEIAP) round hitting a police blockhouse near the ceiling. It hit over the heads of the cops inside. In other words, it was a warning. There are now multiple videos that include visual or audio evidence of .50-caliber rifles used on behalf of the protesters. The regime says the protests have ended, but this was posted three hours ago. So again, all we can do is wait..."
" No reason to get upset at this, because is both simpleminded AND obsolete. Dr. Zuhdi Jasser is talking about ISLAMISM, otherwise known as ""political Islam."" Everything he says is correct. The idea that diversity will eliminate Islamism is beyond laughable. Islamists go to Europe to COLONIZE. They're fully aware of cultural and religious differences. They REJECT THEM. Dr. Jasser says that calling all terrorists ""extremists"" makes it impossible to address the issue of Islamism. Islamists are not motivated by the same forces that motivate other terrorists. Jasser identifies GOVERNMENT SUPPORTED Islamist movements. There's no analogue in the west. And Jasser correctly points out the solutions: regime change and a Reformation. Of course disagrees, because he's a surface skater, an entertainer. But looks who agrees with Jasser. immediately gets defensive when talking to a MUSLIM about a Reformation. Uygur uses the fallacious debating technique of ""Tu quoque"": You did it too! Two wrongs make a right. Islamism can't be criticized because Christianity has its dark spots. He also doesn't know when the Holocaust took place. The Saudi crown prince also did this. ""We misled you. We were in denial."" NO MUSLIM LEADERS have ever made this admission. This is a first. Remember: The current king and his son never sponsored terrorism. But they're taking responsibility for what their predecessors did. The Saudis explained why they sponsored terrorism: ""Saudi support for Islamic extremism started in the early 1960s as a counter to Nasserism—the socialist political ideology that came out of the thinking of Egypt’s Gamal Abdel Nasser—which threatened Saudi Arabia and led to war..."" ""Between the two countries along the Yemen border. This tactic allowed them to successfully contain Nasserism, and the Saudis concluded that Islamism could be a powerful tool with broader utility."" No excuses, no ""You did it too!"" The Saudis AGREE WITH DR. ZUHDI JASSER. Saudi Arabia announced the building of new cities on the Red Sea coast. Those cities will choose their own religious laws. It's a BRILLIANT solution. Religious Saudis won't have to even SEE the secular lifestyle of the new cities. The Saudi Stealth Reformation is truly a work of genius. Women were given the authority to issue fatwas in order to protect working women from outside influences. Women will work under the auspices of shariah law. BUT. Shariah law doesn't permit women to work. So the Saudis REDEFINED shariah law. They went from ""shariah prohibits women from working"" to ""shariah protects working women"" IN ONE DAY. Islam has no centralized authority. No Vatican. THAT'S why the Stealth Reformation is working. So is a voice from the dead past. He's stuck in 2001. The next Saudi king is a man of incomprehensible brilliance. He reformed the armed forces, and now he's reforming the economy, society, and religion. The Saudis are FAR AHEAD of the west in terms of technology and war-fighting skills. Here's what's happened: They've decided that they don't want to be the topic of discussion. The crown prince said it himself. ""We want to live a normal life and contribute in developing our country and the world."" No more jabbering about ""Islamophobia"" and extremism. ""Destructive ideas,"" the crown prince called them. He's sick of the whole mess. So he fixed it. The era of organized Islamist terrorism is over. Iran's mullahs are pretty much the last holdouts. They're not long for this world. So it doesn't matter what this guy says. He always wrong. Just watch that and laugh yourself sick. It cheers me up every time..."
" The childlike faith in government. Let's see the ways in which government let you down. The Texas mass murderer was committed to a mental hospital. He escaped. He made death threats against his superiors and tried to smuggle weapons onto his base. NONE OF THAT MATTERED. The only reason he was court-martialed? He assaulted his wife and young son. The mass murderer served 12 months in prison for the assaults. However, the Air Force did not report the criminal conviction to the FBI. As a result, the murderer was not entered into the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NCIC). That allowed the murderer to buy guns. Here's what leftists are saying: ""The government must ban guns."" Here's what ACTUALLY happened: Because the government FAILED TO DO ITS JOB, a private citizen was forced to take action. The murderer was a homicidal mental patient. And the government LET HIM GO. There's no excuse for this. The murderer was confined in a mental institution. The murderer ESCAPED from the mental institution. The murderer made DEATH THREATS against his superiors. The murderer tried to SMUGGLE WEAPONS onto his Air Force base in order to kill his superiors. AND NOTHING WAS DONE. The government FIRST allowed the murderer to assault his wife and young son. THEN the government allowed the murderer to buy guns and carry out a mass shooting. A 55-year-old plumber was forced to shoot the murderer and then get help from another man. ""BAN GUNS!"" Like in Australia. No gun crime THERE! Government groupies can have unconditional, babyish, permanent faith in bureaucrats. I have faith in myself... ADDENDUM: I forgot this. Charge dismissed, despite the fact that the murderer lied and refused to cooperate. GOVERNMENT AT WORK."
" Let's talk about the coming Iranian revolution. At Friday prayers: ""Our enemy is here, not in the United States."" In 2009, the Green Movement went to Tehran. It was a battle between ""moderates"" and traditionalists. By remaining in one city, the movement was easy to for the security forces to crush. Also, the people wanted to work within the system. THIS is completely different. In 2009, the mullahs brought in Arabs from Lebanon. Since they didn't speak Farsi, they were unable to understand the people. This made it easy to crush the protests. In December of 2017, protests flared up ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. They were small. THIS WAS BY DESIGN. Virtually ALL of the ""analysis"" spoke only in terms of NUMBERS. The important factor--in reality--was SCOPE. There were protests in EVERY CITY. This was ""reconnaissance by protest."" The small groups of protestors were carefully gauging the strengths and weaknesses of the security forces. The Islamic Republic of Iran has NEVER had nationwide protests before. So the first step was to discover what the security forces could handle. AND. A large percent of the security forces was recruited. They burned their ID cards in videos. The mullahs use the East German model: spies and paramilitary EVERYWHERE. But. What happens when ONE MAN in charge of a centralized security apparatus decides he's had enough? Markus Wolff was in charge of the the East German internal security apparatus. Remember the opening of the wall in Berlin on November 9, 1989? The East German government was actually going to kill everybody there. Here's what they did, which is what totalitarian government ALWAYS do in times of emergency: The government isolated several regiments of soldiers and told them lies about what was happening. These soldiers were shown FAKE footage of protestors murdering, looting, and raping. The plan was to send the soldiers to Berlin and massacre everybody. Guess who was in charge of the plan? Markus Wolff. All Markus Wolff did was DELAY sending the soldiers, and he prevented the border guards from receiving orders. He also prevented the government from knowing what the hell was going on. East Germans were initially allowed to leave everywhere except through Berlin. In the end, the government allowed the gates into West Germany to be opened. ONE MAN prevented mass slaughter. Very few people will admit this. The myth of the fall of East Germany is ""people power."" No. Marcus Wolf had absolute control over the internal security apparatus, so he was able to fool the government. He simply delayed orders and created confusion. The official story of Marcus Wolf (I misspelled his name above; it's ONE ""f"") is an elaborate fabrication. For example, it's said that he retired in 1986. No. I heard and read all about how Wolf prevented the mass slaughter that was planned. He was tried and convicted TWICE in the reunified Germany, but one sentence was overturned, and one was suspended. What does that tell you? When you have a centralized internal security apparatus, it depends entirely on a handful of people doing their jobs. Markus Wolf HAD to have been in contact with the West German authorities. In exchange for not spending the rest of his life in prison, Wolf prevented the East Germans from cracking down. You can BET that such deals are being made right now in Iran. Here's the OTHER side of any deals being made: If you DON'T cooperate, then when we get there, we're going to f*ck you up good. The mullahs thought they were ready for anything, but they weren't. Iranians will free themselves with discreet help. And then Iranians will chart the course of their own lives... ADDENDUM: Yes, I know that Markus Wolf was in charge of foreign intelligence while Erich Mielke was the overall head of the Secret Police or Stasi. The official story is that Wolf retired in 1986. But I read and heard over 20 years ago that Wolf delayed the deployment of the troops intended to crush the East German uprising. The East German authorities had created ""Plan X"" in 1979. It called for the creation of concentration camps and mass arrests. Plan X was ordered implemented on October 8, 1989. The order was code-named ""Shield."" NOT ONE secret police unit obeyed the order. I was told that Markus Wolf delayed the implementation of the plan and then created utter chaos in the East German government, to the point that not a single official knew what was happening. After German reunification, Wolf said that he had no regrets for what he'd done. That sounds to me like a man who'd redeemed himself... ADDENDUM TWO: I found a November 11, 1989, article that says that Gorbachev enlisted Markus Wolf in an effort to prevent mass slaughter. This is the information that's been covered up. I never knew that Gorbachev himself was behind Wolf's actions. You won't find this anywhere in today's sources... ADDENDUM THREE: More information I never heard, from November 10, 2006. This is why I hate the press. The narrative is everything. To hell with the truth... ADDENDUM FOUR: Finally! From November 19, 1989. This is the order that Markus Wolf delayed... ADDENDUM FIVE: Markus Wolf spent his adult life spying for East Germany, and then he wrote books about it. Many western analysts still call him an evil man. The POINT of revolutions is to convince those in power to come to your side. Markus Wolf answered to God for his actions. And before he met God, he prevented mass slaughter. It's possible for people to redeem themselves. There are MANY Markus Wolfs in the Iranian government..."
" The games continue. ""Trump told former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon that he blames Kushner for the firings of..."" ""Former national security adviser Mike Flynn and former FBI Director James Comey, Vanity Fair reported Wednesday."" Here's what Trump said. The chances that Kushner pushed Trump to fire Flynn? Zero. What about Comey? Again, the chances that Trump ""took bad advice from Kushner""? Zero. The press has no learning curve. It's getting scary..."
" My guess is he agreed to nudge the Chinese into investing, thus freeing Saudi Arabia to chart her own course. In the past, an American president would see that as giving up influence. But by letting go, Trump actually made the Saudis even MORE dependable allies. I'm sure he told them, ""You have to run your country as you see fit."" And that made the Saudis MORE pro-American."
" asks a question. The argument FOR net neutrality is that the government should force all internet service providers (ISPs) to treat all content as equal. Their talking about ""bandwidth."" Everything on the Internet consumes bandwidth. Those who use more bandwidth are charged more. Net neutrality makes Google and a one-person Web page pays the same rates, regardless of how much bandwidth they consume. This is government price control. Guess who makes out like a bandito (sorry) under net neutrality? Those who consume massive amounts of bandwidth. Like...GOOGLE! Under net neutrality, the government allows bandwidth hogs to pay less. This is a very sneaky thing they're doing. Google says, ""We should all pay the same! One for all, and all for one!"" Well, if everybody pays the same, then the Internet Service Providers lose huge amounts of revenue. Guess what they'll do in order to cut back expenses? They won't provide bandwidth to that one guy or gal with the single Web page. Everything will end up in Google's hands. And THAT is the goal. Shutting down the little guy and gal. Google is run by people who believe that wealth equals morality. So they want everyone who is NOT wealthy to be shut out of the market. If you're not a politically connected billionaire, it means you're immoral, and your voice should not be heard. THAT'S why the Obama FCC pushed this, and THAT'S why the Trump FCC is rescinding it. Rule of thumb: If Google supports it, I oppose it. Google is all about social engineering, which I oppose REGARDLESS of who does it..."
" THIS is what people need to use as ammunition against lying leftists. The FBI Office of Personal Responsibility recommended that McCabe be fired. Got that? McCabe's beloved FBI recommended that he be fired for lying to the DOJ Inspector General. This is not Trump's doing. The FBI itself said, ""McCabe is not worthy to work for us."" This is what McCabe said after he was fired. ""I have unfailing faith in the men and women of the FBI."" Since the FBI itself determined that McCabe should be fired, and since McCabe has unfailing faith in the FBI, that means he agrees that firing him was the the right thing to do. This was an entirely INTERNAL issue. Trump had nothing to do with it. The FBI is beyond reproach. So says McCabe. Therefore McCabe and all the others' attacks on Trump are entirely without merit. As McCabe himself admits. ""I have unfailing faith in the men and women of the FBI. The ones who fired me."" That's what he's saying..."
" Today was Shithole Day. I knew Trump didn't actually say it. See, I NEVER EVER forget this. So I knew that it was strategic distraction. Every day, I check this YouTube channel for new videos from Iran. Today is the first day since the uprising began that there are no new videos. I think that's almost certainly a POSITIVE development... ADDENDUM: This happened today too. Yup. Shithole Day was a strategic distraction. We'll know soon enough what changed..."
" This thread will tell you everything you need to know about the final major conflict in the Middle East. This article contains the mother of all bombshells. HERE is the bombshell. ""The Hezbollah terrorist group seeks to stop being an 'Iranian puppet,' according to IDF assessments."" This is actually the END of a long process that the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) began in 2012, the year Hezbollah entered the Syrian civil war. In 2007 at the latest, the GCC made peace with Israel and began funding Israeli weapon development to the tune of trillions. I wrote that two years ago. Since then, I've identified FAR MORE advanced and lethal weaponry. In around 2009 at the latest, the GCC and Israel launched the Second Revolution in Military Affairs (2RMA). This revolution is the result of new weapons AND the strategic commando. Until 2RMA, the commando was a TACTICAL asset, intended to AUGMENT conventional forces. Now, the commando is him or herself a STRATEGIC asset able to win wars. This article explains why. In combat, the strategic commando fights alone, in a small unit, attached to conventional forces, or in ""combined arms micro teams."" A combine arms micro team would be made up of one tank, one gunship, one infantry squad, one antitank squad, and one sniper squad. You could one self-propelled artillery piece, one mortar squad, one machine-gun squad, one fixed-wing jet fighter, etc. The Germans pioneered this idea in World War One, but they lacked the technology to implement it. Here are the two main points in regard to how micro teams operate: ""Multiple micro teams are orchestrated to advance on mutually supporting axes."" It's EXACTLY how your immune system fights infection. The second point: ""Delegating authorities as low as possible within a mission command system."" The best results are obtained when the micro teams are autonomous. They use digital maps of the battlefield. Each SOLDIER appears as a dot. So the micro teams can operate without being given orders, other than the mission. It's clear now that the operation to reduce Iranian influence is much further along than anyone realized. Iran, Russia, Syria, the Houthis, Hezbollah, and Hamas minimize their casualty counts. There are some AMAZING videos out there that show entire fields of dead. This explains the endless drama in Washington. is hogging the limelight on the global stage, which allows incredible military operations to take place in secret. I thought all of this was GOING to happen. But it's ALREADY happening. And now I'm positive that Qatar SCREWED Iran and Hezbollah. The Qataris provided the technology that Hezbollah uses in its underground facilities and missile-launching platforms. We sell Qatar weapons. It's illegal to sell weapons to state sponsors of terrorism. So read up on strategic commandos and the way they fight. You'll see that Iran and its lackeys never had a chance..."
" Once again, shows us his embarrassing superficiality. The War Department became the Department of Defense in 1947 with the creation of the National Military Establishment, a unified command. During World War II, the War Department was extremely inefficient and wasteful, and it couldn't work with other departments. The reason the War Department became the Department of Defense is that the new department was not dedicated entirely to waging war. The National Military Establishment existed for two years BEFORE being renamed the Department of Defense. I'm sure Snowden didn't know that, since he has only a GED. The stated purpose of creating the Department of Defense was to unify the unify the Army, Navy, and Air Force into a federated structure, subordinate to a single Secretary. Every day I'm amazed all over again at how LITTLE people know and how VACUOUS they are. Imagine if Snowden ran the world. He would devote all his time to moral preening. This is a guy who claims that Green Berets were ""all pumped up to kill Arabs."" Snowden says he trained to become a Green Beret, but he doesn't qualify, since he doesn't have a high-school diploma. The army confirmed that he never trained as a Green Beret. As an act of revenge, he smeared the Green Berets as racists who just wanted to kill Arabs. This is what a ten-year-old would say. At any rate, the War Department was not renamed the Department of Defense in order to try and hoodwink you. In reality, the War Department became the National Military Establishment until August 10, 1949. That's the day the Department of Defense was created. The War Department was responsible for the army. It had no control over the Department of the Navy. I'm sure it makes Snowden weep bitter tears of heartache, but in the real world, having the land and sea forces not cooperate is stupid. So we unified everyone in order to protect the Snowdens of yesteryear. Will people ever grow up? I have my doubts..."
" This thread on Flynn's Leak Killers should convince you that it's all real. I'll add a couple of points. I've decided that although the names of the Leak Killers are out there, I won't use them. The Intelligence Community knows who they are. BY GOLLY, do they EVER! But I won't give ammunition to the pathologically biased press. HERE is how Flynn out witted the CIA. First, we have this article. The Top Secret, Sensitive Compartmented Information (TS/SCI) security clearance can be sought from the CIA and other intelligence agencies. But TS/SCI clearance is granted to the JOB, not the person. TS/SCI clearances are granted by departments of Defense, Energy, Homeland Security, Justice, State, and the CIA. Flynn sent out rabbits. The Intelligence community chased the rabbits, and the Leak Killers were given TS/SCI clearances by other agencies. I know that from reading their job descriptions. We have absolute proof that the Leak Killers on on the job. Text messages are being given to Inspectors General. A text message is raw signals intelligence (SIGINT). Only Director of the National Security Agency Mike Rogers can provide raw SIGINT. Leaks are ILLEGAL. Mueller's leaks are ILLEGAL. Therefore Rogers doesn't have to go to court to provide raw SIGINT to people with who are hunting leakers and who have TS/SCI clearances. They have what's called ""bona fide need to know."" When McMaster ""fired"" Flynn's staffers, I saw that a MASSIVE number of them were from the Defense Intelligence Agency. But there are also civilians who have an almost nonexistent footprint. No photos of them. And they weren't public figures before Flynn chose them. Flynn and Rogers were the victims of CLASSIC Washington smears and power plays. In the past, presidents told them to simply eat it. THIS TIME, we have a president and Attorney General who are dead serious about chopping out the rot. So Flynn and Rogers created the Leak Killers. The final piece of evidence that this is real: NO INTELLIGENCE LEAKS that have damaged Trump. Flynn was willing to risk prison to put this in place. Rogers was willing to do unprecedented things. And the Leak Killers care about nothing except stopping the leaks. The new Untouchables. As says, the fruits of all this labor are just now being harvested. So sit back, get your popcorn, and have a good time. All will be well..."
" As the survivor of a terrorist attack, I can tell you that body counts aren't what matter. The goal of terrorism is twofold: One, to terrorize. Have an impact on your daily life. And two, make you lose confidence in your government. If you lose confidence in your government, you'll be more likely to do as the terrorists want, simply to make them stop. The problem, of course, is that the terrorists want EVERYTHING. You can't appease them. They'll never stop. We're supposed to ""get used to"" terrorism, because that lets the government off the hook. Again, terrorism is NOT ABOUT CASUALTIES. It's about THEM wearing US DOWN. Trump knows how to fight terrorism. General John W. Nicholson Jr. did this on his own initiative. This was the target. We've been messing with Pakistan since the late 1980s, begging them to stop sponsoring terrorism. General Nicholson dropped a MOAB on their heads, almost certainly wiping out all the terrorism sponsors. Guess what happened? At some point, you _ _ _ _ or get off the pot. We _ _ _ _ on the Pakistani ISI with a GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air blast munition. Who were they going to bitch to? Guess what ELSE the MOAB did? It told the world, ""Trump doesn't care if you have nukes."" Imagine THAT. ""Not even our nuclear weapons will deter him!"" What do you do with a man like that? You do as he asks. Ha."
" I've been studying Saudi Arabia daily since May of 2015. I read a news item about 50 commandos in Aden. This 50 commandos split into two groups and held off maybe 40,000 Houthis for two months. I had to find out how they did it. Little by little, I determined that Israel and the Saudis had made peace. Then the Gulf Cooperation Council funded Israeli weapon development to the tune of trillions. Weapons never lie. The way weapons are used tells you the intentions of the users. Everything--the wars, the geopolitics, the interviews, the plans--pointed to the Saudis starting over fresh. No grudges, no seeking of glory, no IMPERIALISM... In Yemen, for example, they're fighting a holding action. The Saudis could wipe out every Houthi in the country. They don't. Why not? Because the Saudis have said, ""The Houthis aren't going anywhere. We all have to learn to live together in peace."" The worst thing you can do in the Middle East is kill somebody. Then HIS clan has to attack YOU, and then YOU attack back... The Saudis are patiently showing the region another way. They can REMAIN Middle Easterners. But they can IMPROVE without losing their culture or becoming faux westerners. The Saudis are a GREAT people. In the next three years, we'll see just HOW great."
" The danger of being uninformed. First read the accusation. A yacht with a billion dollars in cash is given to Trump, and every Saudi Twitter detective knows about it. Now, let's look at something REAL. They're actually Emirati vehicles. Altogether, well over 1000 armored vehicles broke out of Aden. How did they get there? We have no idea. Largest amphibious landing in the history of the Middle East. Not one photo, video, or satellite image. How did Saudi troops get to Syria and Iraq unnoticed? No idea. Airtight operations security (OPSEC). If the Saudis bribed Trump, we would never know about it. Guaranteed."
" Ladies: The news about sexual assault is depressing. This will cheer you up. Ever seen one of those secret-agent movies were the hero throat-chops everybody? The guy can't be stopped? He chops his way into the villains' nest and wins the day? Well, guess what? Trump has a throat-chopping WOMAN working for him. On the left. She's a kicker too. Steel-toed death shoes. See how she holds her arms away from her body? Ready to chop throats. American? I don't know. So don't worry about Trump. Lethal women are looking after him... ADDENDUM: I don't think she's US Secret Service. Her stance shows that she's ready for PHYSICAL combat. The US Secret service GENERALLY hold their hands in front of them. This woman is ready to kick you in the face and chop your throat. I love her..."
" Don't ask ME what's going on. This is what the FBI said in January. So the FBI cleared Flynn of wrongdoing but charged him lying about what he did. Here's 's statement. ""My guilty plea and agreement to cooperate with the Special Counsel's Office reflect a decision I made in the best interests of my family and our country."" Note that Flynn also says the accusation made against him are false. His legal bills are astronomical, and his family is suffering because of the accusations made against him. And the who Russia narrative is damaging to the country. As for the general himself: ""The retired three-star general, who had failed to declare payments from Turkish and Russian sources and who was reportedly under investigation for an alleged role in a kidnapping plot, had appeared vulnerable to much more serious charges than making false statements."" No. None of that was real. Here's what I don't get: ""Flynn falsely denied to investigators that he had asked Kislyak in a meeting during the presidential transition to refrain from escalating the situation after the United States imposed new sanctions on Russia..."" ""And falsely denied that he had asked the ambassador in a separate meeting to delay a vote on a UN resolution, according to court documents."" The FBI says he made these false statements February 24, 2017. That's the day after the FBI cleared Flynn. How does the FBI know what Flynn said to Kislyak in meetings that the two had in 2016? Those meetings weren't recorded. On January 23, 2017, the FBI clears Flynn in terms of his phone calls to Ambassador Kyslak. This article is about what Flynn allegedly discussed IN HIS PHONE CALLS. ""Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama, making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president."" What did Flynn plead guilty to lying about to FBI agents IN PERSON ""on or about February 24, 2017""? ""Flynn falsely denied to investigators that he had asked Kislyak in a meeting during the presidential transition to refrain from escalating the situation after the United States imposed new sanctions on Russia..."" So here's what we're told happened: One, in late 2016, General Flynn called Ambassador Kislyak and discussed sanctions. Two, the FBI cleared him of wrongdoing. Three, General Flynn PERSONALLY MET with Ambassador Kislyak twice and discussed the EXACT SAME THINGS as he had in the phone call. Four, those meetings went undiscovered by the FBI, since nothing about them leaked in over a year. Five, the general pleads guilty to lying to the FBI on around the same day that the FBI clears him. Six, on or around the same day, the FBI clears Flynn of AND Flynn lies about THE SAME CHARGE. When you add it all up, you walk away with your head spinning. My guess is the general just wanted everything over. How did the FBI knew what Flynn said to Kislyak in private meetings? Flynn told them. Right? So my guess is that the plea deal is Flynn's way to get all of this to stop. What does it mean if the general came in from the field? The danger is over. The general's son and brother say that he did nothing wrong. The general denies the charges against him. I believe the Flynns. For me personally, this changes nothing. Be well, . I tell people all the time that we out here don't know what's really going on. We're not Big Dogs of intrigue and crucial deception operations. At any rate, I support your decision to end this. Get some good board time... ADDENDUM: In (15), I wrote February 24, but I meant January 24. I need to clarify something, but MY COMPUTER IS NOW PERMANENTLY UPDATING EVERYTHING. Give me a minute. Okay, the update will take all day, so I'll just have to use links, not screen grabs. Here we go: The plea deal says that Flynn met with Kyslyak on or about December 29, 2016. The New York Times says that Flynn met with Kyslyak in Trump Tower in December of 2016. Therefore there's absolutely no way that the FBI could learn the subject of the meeting unless Trump Tower were bugged, Kushner told the FBI, or Kyslyak told the FBI. On January 23, 2017, the FBI clears Flynn of wrongdoing in talking to Kyslyak about sanctions in phone calls. The plea deal says that on or around January 24, 2017, Flynn lied to the FBI about talking to Kyslyak in person about sanctions. The subject of both the phone calls and the meetings is to ask Russia to not overreact to sanctions. Somebody TOLD the FBI about the subject of the Flynn-Kyslyak meetings. I say that the person who told the FBI about the subject of the Kyslyak meetings was General Flynn himself. It was his way to get all of this to end. If the general was ready to end this, it means that the Russia issue itself is about to end. That's my take on it. It's the only thing that makes sense, given the fact the FBI cleared Flynn and had no way of knowing what he talked about with Kislyak. BUT. I have no contacts with anybody. This is all just a guess. Like the other man I'm defending, has a long record with no blemishes. So I'm positive that things are not as they seem. My views haven't changed... ADDENDUM TWO: After my computer updates, and after I have TWO cups of coffee, I will write a COHERENT thread about this. ""Brain fog"" is not fun. Unless you make it so."
" What he's doing is called ""reframing the issue."" They think it's really clever. ""Why would Assad use chemical weapons to get rid of jihadists when he can use artillery?"" Yet ANOTHER question that answers itself. The goal isn't getting rid of jihadists. The Russians let the cat out of the bag a month ago. Assad surrounded the city, made a deal with the jihadists, and then used chemical weapons so that he could blame us AND intimidate his people into submission. Assad, the mullahs, and the Russians are thinking, ""What Trump REALLY do?"" They're looking in the wrong direction. It's not TRUMP who they should be worried about..."
" HERE WE GO. This building is under fire from a turboprop gunship. Listen VERY CAREFULLY. You can hear the drone of the engines in the background. Syria. And the Saudi border. The white explosions from the burning building are the signature of an automatic cannon. Unmistakable... ADDENDUM: An aerial platform was shining a spotlight on the building. After several rounds, the spotlight was turned off. "
" This is all strategic deception on the part of Trump. Look at this unbelievably stupid story. ""Trump froze the funds after reading a news report that the U.S. had agreed to provide an additional $200 million to bolster recovery and stabilization efforts in Syria, The Wall Street Journal reported Friday."" ABSOLUTELY! Trump DIDN'T KNOW we were funding Syrian recovery efforts. HE found out by reading a news report. This is astonishing moronism. The press has utterly lost the ability to think. What Trump is doing is keeping his opponents off guard PERMANENTLY. Congress politicizes all our wars, so to keep those corrupt hyenas at bay, Trump is running multiple counterespionage operations. The reality is that our troops ON THE GROUND in Syria are not that important. It's the air strikes that matter. We sent troops to keep Erdogan from taking over Northern Syria. Lindsey Graham is an idiot for comparing Iraq to Syria. The Gulf Cooperation Council is running the war in Syria. For whatever reason, most of the world refuses to believe that ARABS have developed spectacular armed forces capable of fighting multiple major conflicts in total secrecy. The United Arab Emirates fought in Afghanistan for seven years before revealing it to the world. Nobody knew. And only Fox reported THIS. ""Outside of Yemen, the UAE has been building up a military presence in Eritrea at its port in Assab."" I said on June 8, 2016, that this adviser in Fallujah, Iraq, was almost certainly an officer of the Eritrean 525th Commando Division. That one guy looking at the camera was able to defeat a gigantic Islamic State ambush. He directed a tank, called in air strikes, and then personally took out snipers with an automatic cannon. The UAE is training soldiers all over the world. After watching that one officer defeat an entire ambush, I determined that he's almost certainly Eritrean. His facial features and hair identify him. People need to get used to the idea that we aren't the world's police and peacekeepers anymore. There are others who can do a better job..."
" The leftist refusal to hold criminals accountable. The Neanderthal who shot up Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School had a five-year record of escalating on-campus violence. This 17-year-old has 16 arrests that began when he was ten. Petty theft, felony theft, burglary, robbery, and now murder. But THIS is the most obscene development of them all. British terrorists are bitching. They didn't know that the UK could revoke their citizenship. ""The two denounced as 'illegal' the British government's reported decision in February to strip them of citizenship."" ""The revocation exposes them to 'rendition and torture,' Elsheikh said. ""'When you have these two guys who don't even have any citizenship...if we just disappear one day, where is my mom going to go and say where is my son,' he said."" Your mom's going to go to the Pacific Ocean and yell for you, sonny. Or maybe the Sahara Desert. Or maybe a crematorium in Kobane. These guys helped behead people, and they are UNREPENTANT. But they're bitching! That's what leftism does. The Florida shooter was going to home and get on with his life. He KNEW that people recognized. He'd SPOKEN to them. But he had no idea that he'd be arrested. So now we have members of the Islamic State saying, ""No fair! I don't like this!"" And THEY ARE SINCERE. They STILL FEEL ENTITLED. This is what happens when people don't understand how anything works: ""Kotey said the U.S. and Britain were not upholding their own laws of due process. 'Where are they now or are they just applicable when they suit you?' he said. 'It just looks very hypocritical, double standards.'"" This vacuous non-human is unaware that as an unlawful combatant, he IS NOT AFFORDED CIVILIAN DUE PROCESS. We finally got there. Because of leftism, we actually have people who CUT OFF HEADS and then say it isn't fair that they be held responsible. When I was growing up, there was a concept that has now completely disappeared. We would've said, ""The connotation is that there should be no consequences."" The whole idea of implying something is dead. NOW, people explicitly state in plan language what they used to connote. ""I don't think it's right that I should go to jail for cutting off peoples' heads."" FASCINATING! As a matter of fact, I don't think it's right either. HERE'S what should happen to you. The last fifty-odd years have produced monsters with no cognitive abilities. Worldwide. They're learning the hard way that those days are over... "
" HOLY SCHLAMOLY! Watch the worst soldiers on the planet. The machine gunner (left) loses his balance and almost blows off his buddy's head. The rocket-propelled grenade gunner fires his weapon two feet in front of the face of HIS buddy. The model/machine gunner fires while standing on a springy plywood door. "
" I'm going to do something that I had decided that I WOULDN'T do. But this will be the only opportunity I'll ever have to do this. A story came out about McMaster that I took personally. I won't do that again. But. I debunked the story. With far more vehemence than was required, true. As points out, the story was completely false. Several people told me that their trusted sources in Washington confirmed the story's truth. So, for the first and only time in my life, I want to make a request: To the people who said their sources confirmed this false story, what do your sources say NOW? The pattern is that a fake story comes out, and then after it's exposed as fake, everyone smoothly moves on. Well, this ONE TIME, I want the trusted sources to explain themselves. How did they get it so wrong? I'll be waiting for an answer. Make it public, so we can all see if the sources have the integrity to admit that they were wrong."
" Something to think about: warned the intelligence community for months to not engage in illegal activity. Well, we have some former spooks on Twitter. They're catastrophes. The idea--for some strange reason--was that Trump didn't have the authority to tell the Intelligence Community to not break the law. I read INCREDIBLE fantasies by spooks, spook groupies, and know-nothing poseurs about the invincibility of the Intelligence Community and how they were going to ""take down"" Trump. I always knew that Trump would triumph. Why is that? Two names: Aldrich Ames and Robert Hanssen. Ames worked for the CIA, and Hanssen for the FBI. They were both spies for the Soviet Union and Russia. These two guys wiped out DECADES of work. AND the CIA and the FBI pretty much tried to wish the problems away. Ames was living FAR beyond his means. No red flags. Hanssen was swinger who met people online and had them have sex with his wife. No red flags. Here on Twitter, there are tons of ""connected"" people who share the defining characteristic of all traitors: immeasurable narcissism. Ames and Hanssen did what they did just to show how much smarter they were than everybody else. And I'm serious: They wiped out most of the work we did. These two guys exposed all our spies and spy networks. Nobody knows how many people were executed because of them. I highly recommend the movie ""Breach,"" about Robert Hanssen. It has a great line in it. An FBI Special Agent says this: ""He was smarter than all of us. Actually, I can live with that part. It's the idea that my entire career has been a waste of time, that's the part I hate."" ""Everything I've done since I got to this office, everything we've all been paid to do, he was undoing it. We all could have just stayed home."" You what Trump, Pence, Flynn, and McMaster are? They're the Anti-Ames and Anti-Hanssen. They're smarter than EVERY SINGLE PERSON trying to stop them. Two guys undid EVERYTHING the CIA and the FBI did for decades. That's all it took. Two guys. Trump, Pence, Flynn, and McMaster are smarter than Ames and Hanssen put together and multiplied by 5000. What makes Trump, Pence, Flynn, and McMaster so smart? They understand their enemies. It was child's play for Flynn to put his Leak Killers into the system. We know they exist, because THERE ARE NO LEAKS, and now these clowns posing as FBI agents are being busted. I used to sit here and read tweets by ACTUAL FORMER SPOOKS, and they were making total jackasses of themselves. They personalized everything. Trump, Pence, Flynn, McMaster, and the Leak Killers care only about the country. Just toss away all that STUPIDITY about globalism and the Council on Foreign Relations. When people were ACTUALLY WORRIED that John Kelly was DRUGGING TRUMP, the Leak Killers were killing the leaks. You all got hoodwinked. And so did the Intelligence Community. There's more. MUCH more. Flynn is even smarter than you think. He played EVERYONE. Like Trump, all he had to do was SAY maybe four things. I knew Flynn was good. But only last night did I find the evidence that he is the best spook of all time. He played THE WORLD. And Flynn is just ONE GUY. The ENTIRE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION is as good as Flynn. So watch ""Breach,"" and imagine that instead of being a villain, Robert Hanssen was a patriot working on our behalf. We're very lucky..."
" I wonder how many people have actually READ the dossier? It's a transparent fraud that reads like wrote it. It says Russia cultivated Trump by offering him lucrative commercial real-estate deals, WHICH HE TURNED DOWN. Russia spent five years assisting Trump by DOING NOTHING. ""A regular flow of intelligence""? You know what Russian intelligence is like? As for the Russians being able to blackmail Trump, why haven't they? Trump has rejected every single Russian demand made about Syria. Every single one. When Iran, Russia, Assad, and Hezbollah made a deal with the Islamic State to let them escape, guess what we did? WE didn't let the convoy move, despite RUSSIA insisting that we do so. Where's this Russian leverage over Trump? Why didn't the Russians stop the exposure of the Uranium One deal? Russia went through all the trouble of cultivating a Trump-garden, AND THEY DON'T USE IT. The Trump-Russia collusion story is a hallucination. It's not real on any level. This is why the Democrats are having their butts handed to them on a daily basis now. They're CRAZY. Barking, howling mad."
" Another ghastly case of a government death panel in action. But you need to understand that the entire notion of a single-payer health-case system is based on the patient dying faster and saving that single payer--the government--money. The mindset is so implacable that the government will step in and prevent care EVEN WHEN THE CARE IS PRIVATELY FUNDED. The key to understanding single-payer health care is ""hate speech."" In the UK and Canada, it's ILLEGAL to say certain things. They put you in jail for WORDS. Any country that jails you for uttering PROHIBITED WORDS is a country that does NOT have your best interests at heart. The cases of the government stepping in to prevent privately funded care are actually a symptom of a much worse problem. Socialism is about eradicating individualism. They do that by creating a nanny state that controls you from the cradle to the grave. There's a video from Sweden of a man dying of a heart attack ten feet from the door of the hospital. Swedish law says that cardiac patients must be transported by paramedics. So the hospital had called an ambulance. To transport the man ten feet. The hospital staff refused to treat the man, and he died. You'll find these inhuman laws in every socialist country. American millennials says they prefer socialism to capitalism. I've lived in FIVE socialist countries: Venezuela, the Netherlands, Norway, the UK, and Japan. Trust me: You will HATE socialism. Every single day you discover a deficit or a prohibition. Imagine the government putting you in jail for the language you use in your tweets. That's socialism. The government decides what you were thinking, and it acts on that. YOU YOURSELF are not allowed to explain what you were thinking. In Canada, the ""Human Rights"" Courts assume guilt and require that the accused prove innocence, BUT. The judges have no rules. They're allowed to do whatever they want. Therefore the courts have a 100 percent conviction rate. Socialism is evil because it's about destruction, and the people who IMPOSE socialism are never required to live under its restrictions. In the UK, they have Television Police who can come into your house to search for illegal televisions. You have to pay to watch TV. I went to a Japanese dentist's office and turned around and walked out when I heard the cracking sounds and the screams. There's a photo out there of a Japanese man having a vasectomy. Five nurses are restraining him, his toes are curled, and his eyes are popping out of his head. Barely any anesthesia, you see. Government-approved protocol. Under socialism, you have no recourse. AND--my dear millennials--socialists often MERGE socialism with other ideologies. Saddam Hussein merged socialism with Islamism. Beware what you wish for. You just might get it..."
" Why are the Iran-backed Houthis in Yemen losing? Because like Iran, they're addicted to playacting. ""Yemen’s Houthis recruited a multitask secret security force, known as 'preventative security', to get rid of former president Ali Abdullah Saleh, security officers in Sanaa informed Asharq Al-Awsat."" ""For months, its members monitored the movements of the former president, including his phone calls and meetings. They were also gathering information about the pro-Saleh forces and the kind of arms they possess."" ""Sources affirmed that Houthi, through his secret body, sought to purchase and rent hundreds of houses in the areas close to the residence of Saleh, his relatives and close leaders."" ""Inside these houses, Houthis stored arms and sheltered hundreds of gunmen until the time was right to attack Saleh and his aides."" ""Surveillance devices were planted in Saleh’s house, and some of his guards and media team were bribed to monitor all of his movements. They also greatly contributed in the raid against his house, as well as his murder, along with a number of his aides, on December 3."" ""These same sides were responsible for coming up with a false story that claimed that Saleh was killed as he was fleeing Sanaa."" Sorry. There's video of Saleh dead outside Sana'a. The Houthis didn't kill him. Saleh was saved by Saudi Arabia in 2011, and in gratitude, he joined the Houthis to fight the Saudi-led coalition. He was a brutal dictator who stole $60 billion from Yemen and believed himself divinely ordained to rule. On December 2, 2107, Saleh publicly announced that he had turned against the Houthis. The announcement didn't come out of the blue. Saleh's forces and the Houthis had been fighting each other in Sana'a since November 29, 2017. Saleh was killed on December 4, 2017. The Houthis have suffered MASSIVE setbacks since then. ""Divide and conquer."" Oldest trick in the book. The Saudi-led coalition spent two years preparing Yemen for liberation. When everything was ready, the Saleh-Houthi alliance was destroyed. And now the Houthis are being destroyed. The Houthis believe that God will make them win. That's why they use tanks from World War II. This is a Soviet T-34/85. You could kill the tank crew with a rifle. Today's bullets could cut right though that 80-year-old steel. The Saudi-led coalition is winning because of VERY HARD work. They DON'T assume that God is on their side. One side is lost in fantasy and uses weapons from World War II. The other side is pragmatic and uses weapons designed by Israel. We all know how this will end..."
" Okay. I thought THIS was the end of the accuser's story. Different colored ink after ""Roy-Ray."" I downloaded the photo directly from the CNN tweet. I did not change anything except the size. In 1977, Roy Moore graduated from the University of Alabama School of Law. The school holds its ceremony in May. After graduating, Moore returned to Gladsden and opened up a private practice. Everything I've read says that Moore's practice was small. In 1977, Moore was appointed the first full-time Assistant District Attorney of Etowah County. The accuser says that Moore was a celebrity in Gladsden. In her press conference, she called him the District Attorney and said that EVERYBODY knew him. He was famous and powerful. Now, the Atlantic says THIS about being the ADA. I've spent all of today on , and I can find NOTHING about Roy Moore as ADA. There is not a single article about Moore that was published in 1977. He was unknown to journalism. The accuser says that SHE--as a 16-year-old--knew who Roy Moore was. She was flattered when he asked to sign her yearbook on December 22, 1977. How long did it take Roy Moore to become the Most Famous Man in Gladsden? Less than three months. In three months, Roy Moore DITCHED a lifetime of discipline and values, and went BANANAS! ""Yahoo! I'm famous! Look out, girls, because here comes ROY!"" Moore's father died while Moore attended West Point. Moore's siblings say that Roy became the father. They credit him with keeping them out of trouble. Moore went to Vietnam, where he was known as ""Captain America"" for his discipline. He had to sleep on sandbags because soldiers had threatened to roll a hand grenade under his bunk. After Vietnam, Moore went to law school. He PICKED COTTON to make ends meets. Then he started a law practice. But! As soon as he was appointed Assistant District Attorney, IT WAS PARTY TIME! He was getting paid HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS! So NOW was the time to THROW AWAY EVERYTHING HE STOOD FOR, and in less than THREE MONTHS, he was The Most Famous Man in Gladsden. Just one question: ARE WE ALL INSANE NOW? This is an un-story. One of the most blatantly phony political hit jobs I've ever seen. Showing reporters anime cartoons of the victim as she looked when she was an ethereal teenager fighting off The Most Famous Man in Gladsden? People want me to talk about the accuser, but that's not necessary. The ACCUSATIONS are fake. That's all that matters. I DO want to thank Gloria Allred for goading me into researching Roy Moore. All I knew about him was the Ten Commandments issue. Now I admire and support the judge, though I disagree with many or most of his social positions. I want the judge elected for two reasons: One, he endured one of the most vicious smear jobs in the history of American politics. This stuff dates back to the pre-Civil War era. I NEVER thought I'd see things like this in MY era. The second reason I want the judge elected is that he'll blow up Washington. It NEEDS blowing up, as this smear job shows. On February 19, 1976, Alabama Attorney General Bill Baxley received a letter from the Ku Klux Klan, demanding a response. Baxley obliged the KKK. KKK tactics are being used against Roy Moore. It's not right. The people USING these tactics need to be punished. Electing the judge is the greatest possible punishment imaginable... ADDENDUM: I'm tired and dizzy again. It's GADSDEN, not Gladsden. Sorry..."
" is a goldmine of information. Shiner Gazette, March 2, 1972, page 3, columns 4-6. The father of the Las Vegas mass murderer. A con artist who was arrogant, egotistical, and had suicidal tendencies. Did anyone but me tell you THIS? Big Daddy was ARRESTED IN LAS VEGAS. And the end of the article. The mass murderer was a chip off the old block. All three brothers LIVED WITH BIG DADDY on the run. So Big Daddy taught the boys how to be impossible to find, how to leave no trace, and how to deceive. And Big Daddy was a suicidal psychopath. There is NO MYSTERY WHATSOEVER to the Las Vegas mass murderer. He was a product of his upbringing. Of course he STILL had free will, and he CHOSE EVIL. But he was a very ordinary man. A crooked loser who wanted to be like Big Daddy."
" My father died in 2013. The place where this happened will remain unnamed. We had drug-dealing neighbors who had traffic coming all day and all night. They had music going full blast, day and night. The cops did nothing. Everyone was afraid of the drug dealers. So one night my father drove off with his Browning Automatic Rifle and 50 loaded magazines. That's 1000 rounds. We lived in an area with large plots of land. My father parked behind the house and began firing into it from the roof downward. He put all 1000 rounds into the house. By starting at the roof, he gave everyone inside time to leave. They did. And they never came back. The cops came and asked us if we'd heard any shooting that night. Of course not! The house was so riddled with bullets that it was torn down. A new house was built, and a nice family moved into it. And we all lived happily ever after... "
" asks a question. He's talking about this video. I've been studying the Saudis daily since June of 2015. Here's is how they operate: They don't instigate, and they don't take action unless asked. But. They let people know EARLY ON that help is available. It wasn't until October of 2015 that the tide of the wars in Syria and Iraq changed. The Saudis and their allies have developed a new form of warfare. They attach a new type of soldier called ""strategic special forces"" to local armed forces, and they ship locals to Saudi Arabia for training. There is ZERO combat footage of assault troops in Yemen, Syria, and Iraq. We get CLOSE to the front, but the actual assaults have never been filmed. This occurred in the background of a video. I had to zoom in, so it's out of focus. I can't identify any of these munitions. Four separate explosions. And then the four men stormed the structure less than five seconds after the last explosion. In this video, a five-man fire team is unloaded from a Kurdish MT-LB armore personnel carrier. They attack after an air strike. They crate a tremendous volume of fire. And the second clip in this video shows a men using ""fire and maneuver."" Men lying down use covering fire for the running men. These men are incredibly fit, they run really fast, and they assault fortified positions head on. If you think about it, who expects the enemy to run right at you as fast as he can, covered by massive automatic-weapons fire? So the men can fight really well. But they always wait until they're asked. Saudi Arabia CANNOT be seen as overthrowing the mullahs. The Iranian people must be seen to have done it themselves. So there's no doubt that the Iranian people will ACCEPT COVERT HELP from the Saudis, but the Iranians have made it clear: NO MASSIVE BLOODSHED. So the protestors will almost certainly be PROTECTED. They were gunned down in 2009; that won't happen again. And the Saudis will hack into the Iranian communications systems to issue bogus orders, confuse the mullahs' men, and wreak total havoc. Electronic warfare instead of bullets. There won't be a repeat of Iraq in 2003..."
" I figured out their new shadow-banning technique. Just now, I signed out of Twitter and searched you up and down, using every possible key word. 100 percent of the time, I got massive results. They're not letting your tweets appear to only CERTAIN ACCOUNTS, and then ONLY directly. What I mean is, they aren't letting your DIRECT RESPONSES to me appear on my notifications. But if SOMEONE RETWEETS YOU, or if I go looking for you, I can see you. So what they're doing is preventing DIRECT NOTIFICATIONS to certain accounts. It's even more insidious than the shadow banning they were doing before. This is TARGETED shadow banning. That means they study us and determine who to gaslight. It also means they're afraid. Terrified, in fact. It cost them money to come up with the new shadow banning. Desperation time. Ha."
" I remember that. She collapsed, so they used a body double. The truth is FAR more engrossing. Hillary has Pakinson's disease. They treat it with L-DOPA. Both the illness and the medication cause delusions. In order to make Hillary presentable, they have to give her MASSIVE overdoses of L-DOPA. The medication wears off fast. She also takes the blood thinner Coumadin, which is basically rat poison. Finally, she's a massively heavy drinker, which negates the effects of her medication. Hillary requires round-the-clock care. So they turned Chelsea's apartment into a private one-patient hospital. The overdoses and drinking make Hillary prone to collapse, so they get her to the private hospital and stabilize her with meds. Her eyes are wandering again, so that means massive L-DOPA overdoses. She's like my parents. Sheer willpower kept the machine going..."
" All righty! A Palestinian has proven that the Palestinians are lying about the casualty figures. ""Israeli forces shot and killed 57 Palestinians and injured more than 2,700 during mass protests Monday along the Gaza border."" Gaza is served by the Palestinian Red Crescent Society (PRCS). The PRCS provides ambulance services for both Gaza and the West Bank. GUESS HOW MANY AMBULANCES the PRCS has for both Gaza and the West Bank? Drum roll. And the answer is? Has anybody said a goddam word about the emergency services being overwhelmed? NO. Because it's ALL A LIE. There are 348 paramedics in Gaza, with an additional 200 ""volunteers."" They easily handled 2755 GUNSHOT VICTIMS IN ONE AFTERNOON?! Bullshit. Let's ask paramedics. Hey! Could you handle 2755 gunshot victims in one afternoon? Here's a month ago. SIX ambulances. The whole thing is a giant lie. No news of hospitals or the PRCS being overwhelmed. That means the casualty figure is fake. Let me tell you what Palestinians know: They're safe from Israelis. How do I know that Palestinians know that? This guy. He went to the Norwegian Labor Party's summer camp for kids and murdered 69 people. Here he is reenacting it for the useless cops. Do you know what the kids were doing on Utøya Island? They were being trained to go to Israel and interfere at checkpoints. And they were being trained to run the blockade. Norwegians in particular repeat the lie that the Israeli Defense Forces are bloodthirsty killers. So why the hell would these kids be trained to interfere with heavily armed soldiers? Because the Palestinians told them, ""Israelis won't shoot you."" AND IT'S TRUE. Ask the frigging Tamimis. So GUESS WHAT Happened on Utøya? The kids thought the nutter with the rifle was role-playing an Israeli soldier. So they walked right up to him and got shot dead. Palestinians and the Norwegian government KNOW that the IDF is not bloodthirsty killers. The Norwegian Labor party taught their kids, :Don't worry. The IDF won't shoot you."" And they were right! The IDF did NOT shoot those kids. A Norwegian did. And EVERY SINGLE f*cking Norwegian government official thought the same thing. ""I wish the IDF had been on that island."" The IDF would've saved those kids, KNOWING that those kids hated Jews. So once again, the world is lying its collective ass off about Israel. It's not possible that there were 2755 gunshot victims on the border today. The hospitals and PRSC were not overwhelmed, so that means the claim is a lie... ADDENDUM: As I told you, it's all fake. The only people killed were terrorists. They're not even bothering to hide it anymore. They now demand that the world be outraged when TERRORISTS are killed. The world has moved on... ADDENDUM TWO: No photos of videos of Gaza's hospitals being overwhelmed. THIS is the photo that al-Jazeera published. I rest my case... "
" Obama's CIA and Pentagon vetted groups that were double agents. Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki was one. They were actually working for Iran and Assad. They beheaded a ""Palestinian child."" In reality, he was a 19-year-old Syrian Arab Army soldier named Abdullah al-Issa. He had a cast and an IV, so that means he was in a military hospital, and Assad turned him over to the jihadists so they could murder him and discredit the US. The US didn't support OPEN terrorists, but it supported jihadists who did whatever they were paid to do. It's time to stop with the childish moral equivalency. If we follow YOU logic, it means stasis. Everybody just adopts a posture of total inactivity, because we're all the same, so we have no right to fight terrorists. If thine eye offends thee, pluck it out. Don't read or watch things that are going to piss you off. The people not crippled by moral equivalency will take care of the problem..."
" Trump is a businessman, so his opening bid is always unreasonable. ""We're going to pull out soon"" doesn't mean what people think. The reason we're in Syria on the ground is to defeat the Islamic State. By threatening to pull out, we throw a splash of cold water in the faces of everybody who is actually relying on our presence to hold the line. See, we're there to train Kurds, call in air strikes, and keep the Turks from creating a mini-empire. The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) has attached commandos to the Kurds and multiple secular rebel groups. There's no front-line combat footage of massive battles, such as the liberation of Raqqa. We always see the SECOND Wave. It was the same in Iraq from October of 2015 until near the very end. By the end of the Iraq war, we were seeing Iraqi commandos who were totally squared away. I think the old commando is an Iraqi Jew. The vast majority went to Israel. So I think he's an IDF veteran. I think Israel and the GCC trained the Iraqis secretly. Little by little, the Iraqis and Kurds replaced the foreign commandos attached to their forces. But there's virtually no footage of assault troops. That's never happened in a previous war. What we're doing in the Middle East is supplying air power and transport. We dropped 500 Arab commandos behind Islamic State lines. The locals have everything well in hand. Trump has to keep everyone except for our TRUE allies off balance, to prevent them from ever taking advantage again. ""Oh, the US will bail us out."" We flew pallets of cash into Iraq, and the first post-Saddam defense minister absconded with $1 billion. So Bush just sent ANOTHER $1 billion. Trump is being VERY unpredictable--deliberately. But it's to keep the right people guessing. Our allies know the real story..."
" A line from the Art of Noise's ""The Holy Egoism Of Genius,"" from the concept album The Seduction of Claude DeBussy: ""DeBussy understood that a work of art or an effort to create beauty was always regarded by some people as a personal attack."" If you're optimistic, enthusiastic, and unorthodox in your thinking, you will be seen as The Enemy. I tweet in an effort to help alleviate fear. The others--100 percent of them--are negative. They want you afraid for two reasons: Fear sells. But secondly, being a gore crow and a doom crier is an act of exerting power over others. Conversely, helping people feel LESS stress inevitably FREES them to go their own way. They no longer need you. Pundits needs a captive audience. I ain't no pundit. The word ""pundit"" sounds like a 1970s disco bass line. Pundit-dit-dit pundit, pun-pundit-dit pun-pundit-pundit pundit, pun-pundit-dit All the PUN-DIT-PUN-DIT-PUNDITRY is obsolete. It's STILL 100 percent negative. Last night saw a blooming miracle: The Iraqis took back Kirkuk in 15 hours, with no bloodshed. This was a massive deception operation conducted flawlessly, with NO LEAKS, implemented in order to save lives. Think about this: IRAQ is in the business of saving lives. Remember pre-2003? Iraq was in the business of TAKING lives. Negative pundits are going out of business. They're like manufacturers of buggy whips. So of COURSE these guys hate me. I'm exposing them for the frauds they are..."
" asks a question. There's only ONE ANSWER: Every group of protestors has advisers who have been trained to operate autonomously. In the Battle of Mosul, the Iraqi army used ""combined arms micro teams."" One tank, one bulldozer, one gunship, one infantry squad, one antitank squad, and one sniper squad. This is the mission of a micro team: Identify, Neutralize, Suppress, Obscure, Secure, Reduce, and Assault. The Iraqis used digital maps of Mosul that took nine months to create. Every individual soldier appeared as a dot with an ID number. So all the micro teams could see each other. There were also autonomous machine-gun squads, mortar squads, and commando squads. The micro teams and autonomous squads were given an overall objective, but they themselves figured out how to do it. They were TRAINED to show individual initiative. So IF--and that's a BIG IF--this is regime change in Iran, the protesters are acting as autonomous micro teams and squads. They have an overall objective, but they themselves figure out how to do it. Some people march, some talk to the security forces, and some burn down police stations. The Islamic State fortified Mosul for over two years. The built INCREDIBLE defenses. Underground networks, bunkers, fighting posts, and enormous killing zones. But the Iraqi micro teams and autonomous squads came in from all directions. Men infiltrated behind Islamic State lines. Men pretended to be terrorists, They walked right into buildings and killed everybody. The lack of leaders and command centers are what will allow THIS uprising to be successful--if the Iranians have help. And I'm 99.999 percent sure that the Iranians do indeed have help..."
" This is really funny. We just EXTERMINATED a Russian assault battalion. They screamed at us for five hours to stop. But now they're going to attack American warships. With WHAT, Vlad? This? Russia didn't shoot down ONE of the 59 BGM-109 TLAMs that we fired at Shayrat Air Base last year. The base has the Russian S-400 air defense system. Why didn't the Russians shoot down the Tomahawks? Because our allies blinded the Russians. They record ten minutes of ""clear skies"" and then inject it into the air defense system. So the radars see NOTHING. How do I know this? Because there were aircraft in the sky that night. See this? That was made with the GBU-39 Small Diameter Bomb. Bombers took out the targets. The 59 cruise missiles hit other things. AND they were military deception. Our allies can hit the Russians anytime they want. And there isn't a damn thing the Russians can do about it..."
" In the past three days, multiple reports have come out on unidentified ground troops blasting the hell out of Iranian and Hezbollah positions. THIS is the reason. ""As the war against the Islamic State terror group winds down in Iraq and Syria, the U.S. military is increasingly turning its attention to Afghanistan."" Those of you who follow me may know one of my maxims: When the Saudis say they're WILLING to do something, it means they've already done it. Here you go. This is what happened in the Syrian civil war, as far as I can tell. THIS IS ALL OPINION, BASED ON VIDEOS, PHOTOS, AND NEWS STORIES. The Syrians rose up in 2011. Assad began murdering them with shabiha. The Free Syrian Army formed in 2011. In 2012, jihadists from all over the world began arriving in Syria. The Gulf Cooperation Council attached advisers to the jihadists as well as the secular Syrian rebel groups. Initially Assad implemented the ""Algerian Strategy"" of helping ONE horrific enemy become so powerful that the people would choose Assad as the lesser of two evils. That enemy was the Islamic State. My theory is that the leader of al-Qaeda in Syria--Abu Mohammed al-Julani--is a GCC agent. Al-Nusra initially allied itself with the Islamic State. This allowed GCC agents to infiltrate. Iran and Hezbollah have been active in Syria since 2012. From 2012 onward, the jihadists got weaker and the secular rebels got stronger. My theory is that the GCC Attached commandos to ALL rebel groups. BUT. The SECULAR rebel groups were trained. The JIHADIST rebel groups were ""hollowed out""--killed--and replaced with GCC commandos. We have evidence of this. Jihadist groups are using advanced weaponry that nobody in the world has. This is a thermobaric-fragmentation missile. The missile has no flight-control surfaces: no wings or elevators. It uses the engine thrust, which emerges from ports in the body. The arrow is a radio antenna. That means frequency hopping spread spectrum. The radio frequency is changed millions of times per second, so the missile can't be jammed. The vapor of the fuel-air explosive is detonated. The steel fragments went THROUGH THE CONCRETE WALLS and hit the building BEHIND the target. Each puff of dust is a razor-sharp steel fragment. This missile is an INCREDIBLY deadly weapon. It uses shock waves AND fragmentation. In October of 2015, the secular rebels began winning massively against the jihadists. This is supposed to be a Syrian Kurd. Well, the YPG at the time had no trained commandos. Iranians, Iraqis, Afghans, and Pakistanis were brought to Syria to fight. Very lanky black men began appearing with the Kurds and moderate rebels. And then very lanky black men began appearing with ASSAD'S forces. They were always SUPERVISING. Why was the American invasion of Iraq a disaster? We destroyed the government, and we allowed Iran to stir up sectarian hatred that resulted in mass murder. After the GCC got involved in Syria on a large scale, the death toll dropped dramatically. And now we're in the final stage: Destroying the Iranian and Hezbollah presence in Syria. The GOAL of all this subterfuge is to create a stable postwar, post-ASSAD Syria. Syrians aren't being forced to choose. Assad and PUTIN tried the Algerian Strategy, one of the most inhumane, diabolical war-fighting methods ever devised. Therefore Russians were killed without mercy. They were OUTSIDERS who planted their boots on the necks of Middle Easterners. Assad is being allowed to pretend that he's winning. When the fighting is over, EVERYONE will have the credibility to sit at the negotiation table. WE will stay out of if, because WE always screw up in the Middle East. Our attempts to train Syrian rebels were massive failures. YouTube deleted most of the videos that proved that the rebels in Syria were a mirage. But I'll leave you with this: the American BGM-71 TOW antitank guided missile. Nobody ever looked up the TOW gunnery tables. It's not possible that Syrian rebels had the skills needed to be proficient TOW gunners. You have to be tested once a month. And one MORE thing. Every single TOW ""set"" (launcher) in Syria lacked a thermal sight. That means the Syrian rebels could not have used the weapons in dusty, smoky, foggy, or rainy conditions. ALL the videos of rebels firing TOW missiles are fake. Those rebels were shooting at barns and sand dunes. GCC commandos are the ones who fired the missiles. And GCC commandos are the ones carrying out the massive ground operations to end the war... ADDENDUM: Twitter deleted tweets No. 20 and No. 21, but I can't remember what I wrote. So I'll just leave things as they are. The thread goes from 19 to 22... ADDENDUM TWO: asked where the lanky black men are from. Mauritania. The Groupement Special d’Intervention or GSI. It was initially trained in Saudi Arabia and has also been trained by the US Marines... "
" Ted Cruz provides more evidence that the Obama administration protected violent felons. Both Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch pressured state and local authorities to release repeat offenders. has introduced legislation to do away with money bail nationwide. Now Ted Cruz tells us this: ""Gun control for felons and fugitives yes, and the Democrats filibustered the legislation."" What about felons illegally buying guns? Back to Cruz. ""The Obama administration didn’t prosecute those cases. In 2010, 40,000 felons and fugitives lied and illegally tried to purchase guns – they prosecuted only 44 of them.” So why did the Democrats kill legislation that would have cracked down on felons buying guns? And why are the Democrats trying to do away with money bail nationwide? The answer is simple: Most repeat felons are black. The Democrats believe that blacks are unfairly imprisoned. So the Democratic answer is to prevent blacks from being jailed. AND the answer is to NOT PROSECUTE black felons for trying to buy guns. There goes the ENTIRE LEFTIST ARGUMENT that the NRA is responsible for mass shootings. The reality is that the Democrats are bending over backwards to keep black criminals out of jail. As a result, criminals of ALL RACES are now spending less time in jail. AND. Criminals of ALL RACES are now finding it easier to commit their crimes. Here in Southern California, the violent crime rate began rising dramatically as the prisons were emptied. So the authorities did two things: One, they stopped keeping track of crimes. And two, they redefined ""violent crime."" Killing a police officer while resisting arrest is no longer a violent crime. Terrorizing a hospital with explosives is no longer a violent crime. LAPD chief Charlie Beck LOOKS like a mafioso because he IS a mafioso. Sheriff Lee Baca oversaw a prison system that included Los Angeles Country Sheriff Department GANGS. They have tattoos and gang signs, and they get into gun battles with OTHER deputies. Baca allowed human cock fights, torture, and smuggling, and he let the Mexican mafia operate openly. These are all DEMOCRATS, the same people who want to take away guns from law-abiding citizens. Not a chance, kids. You're not punishing criminals anymore. So I'm keeping my firearms no matter what. "
" Well... Another reader said he thought it looked like ""RAY."" In 1977, Moore was Assistant District Attorney of Etowah County (green below). Underneath it is Calhoun County (red). The county seat for Calhoun is Anniston, about 25 miles from Gadsden. In December of 1977, the Assistant District Attorney for Calhoun County was E. Ray Acton, who went by ""Ray,"" I found nothing whatsoever in any newspaper from 1977 that mentions Roy Moore in his capacity as Assistant District Attorney. What I DID find was that his job was considered menial. As far as I can tell, Moore FIRST came to the attention of local journalists in 1982, when he ran for and lost a judgeship. The notion that he was The Most Famous Man in Gadsden is false. Yet THAT is what his accusers are telling us. There's no evidence to support this claim... ADDENDUM: I forgot that when READING the yearbook inscription, the accuser said ""Ray"" and was immediately corrected by Allred."
" This is one of my favorite subjects: wild pigs. When domesticated pigs escape, the INDIVIDUAL pig begins to devolve. They grow hair and tusks, and their skulls change shape. Because Russian boar were introduced, the devolving is happening much faster than anyone expected. If things continue at the current rate, by the year 2050, the US will be full of wild pigs that are six feet tall at the shoulder and can run 70 miles per hour. All I can say is I can't WAIT until they hit the coastal enclaves of rabidly anti-gun leftists. Prediction: In 2050, we legalize the GAU-21 for private purchase and mounting on cars... "
" ""White privilege."" What about BLACK privilege? In the US, the people with the funniest, most skilled grasp of English are black. Is that fair? It's a cultural thing. That means it's a PRIVILEGE. I wish I could find the video: In Washington DC, a young black man berates Antifa for setting a fire. His choice of words had me almost crying. And he's just a guy. Is it fair that I can't be that funny, because I lack the privilege of being born into black American culture? The funniest comedian who ever lived was Patrice O'Neal. Dave Chappelle is another stunning genius. Aries Spears. And of course Wayne Brady. These are all top-tier absurdist, dadaist artists. They come from a culture that values humor in language. They're PRIVILEGED. Is that fair? THIS is just a guy. He's not a professional. His delivery, timing, and choice of words are perfect. Is that fair to white people? Of course not. So does that mean that black people have to CHANGE? Do we live in Kurt Vonnegut's short story ""Harrison Bergeron""? Should the government appoint a Handicapper General to make sure that black Americans can't be funnier than whites? The notion of ""white privilege"" assumes that black people are not equal. It's a RACIST notion. Those who screech about white privilege are blind to the obvious, that black American culture is SUPERIOR in terms of humor in language. When average men and women can make you roll on the floor with laughter, over and over and over, it shows you that they're PRIVILEGED. ANYBODY can become successful. I challenge you to become FUNNY. Black American culture values humor in language. When I was in Japan, I met a Japanese girl who went to college in Tennessee. The original plan was that she'd live with a host family for six months. It turned out that she and the host family fell in love with each other, so she lived with them for four years. They were black. She spoke English with a Tennessee accent, and she was as funny as a professional comedian. So it's a privilege. And that's just reality. It's not a bad thing... ADDENDUM: I found it! ""Man, get the f*ck outta here! The VA commonwealth they going to GRILL your ass you do sh*t like this!"" He's genuinely angry and NOT trying to be funny, but his LANGUAGE and DELIVERY show a massively superior grasp of humor as a weapon. Listen to the dull, clunky responses. BLACK privilege..."
" Thread on Trump's strategy. Here's what I called it, in February of 2017. I think that's pretty good. Seventeen days into his presidency, I saw what he was doing. I just looked at a Website, and it was full of stuff I don't care about. Earlier someone asked me about role playing, and I had no idea what that meant. Turns out it was a reference to Eric Schneiderman. See, I was never worried about him, because he's completely insane. Both my parents were and four siblings are photographers. My brother Tim told me once, ""The camera never lies."" I always knew Schneiderman would crash and burn, because he's off his rocker. This is the best he can do at feigning normality. Every other alleged threat to Trump will also crumble. That's why I don't follow any of the Washington stuff. It's all cargo cult to me. Strzok and Page were like lovesick teenagers, pretending to be members of the FBI. Like little kids playing house. There's literally no reason in the world to be worried. I confess to not knowing that any of this had happened. It's because I don't care about it..."
" Add the name ""Jerry Chun Shing Lee"" to the list of spies who did the most damage in American history. He joins Aldrich Ames of the CIA and Robert Hanssen of the FBI. Lee is a former CIA case officer. He caused the deaths of dozens in China and Russia. Lee also has totally flat affect. His face is always blank. ""Hello. I. Would. Like. To. Be. A. CIA. Case. Officer."" ""Sure! The job is yours!"" Lee joined the CIA in 1994. I applied for a job with the CIA in 1991 and made it through the first interview. They regretfully turned me down because I had only six months of sobriety at the time. So they hired Jerry instead. And they hired ANOTHER totally normal guy so stuffed with ethics that ethics actually fell out of his butt. Everywhere he went, he left piles of ethics on the chair where he sat. Well, Jerry Chun Shing Lee has been charged with conspiracy to gather or deliver national defense information to aid a foreign government. Guess what the penalty is? ""Death or by imprisonment for any term of years or for life."" Lee will get the death penalty. Why? ""The sentence of death shall not be imposed unless the jury or court finds that the offense resulted in the identification by a foreign power of an individual acting as an agent of the United States and consequently in the death of that individual."" Lee caused the deaths of more than 20 American agents in China and Russia. His execution will be bizarre because they won't know if he's dead until they check his pulse. Jerry reminds me of a rat I once came across at our old house. We called the house the ""Rat Palace"" because the little bastards always made it into the attic. Not a single company in all of California could seal the rat-entries. Rats can dislocate the bones of their skulls to get through tiny holes. My brother Tim once saw a rat take a flying leap at a blank wall and disappear. We never found the hole. We'd put poison in the attic, and then when we used the bathroom, we'd hear the rats screaming over our heads. When we changed the insulation, Tim found 200 rat skeletons. Periodically the house smelled like death. We wander around, sniffing, until we found the dead frigging rat behind the wall socket plate or whatever. So one morning I went out for a cigarette and saw a rat crouched by garbage can, looking at me. It was a Norway rat, so it was as big as a cat. Crouching with its head up, watching me. I clapped my hands. ""Piss off, you goddam rat!"" I shouted. No reaction. It just watched me. Since it was crouching by the chair where I smoked, I had to scare it away. I threw a pebble at it. No reaction. So I got a spray bottle that Tim used on his little succulents, went up close, and sprayed the rat in its goddam face. No reaction. I got a broom and poked the rat. It fell over on its side. See, the rat was STONE-COLD DEAD, but it looked totally alive, just like Che Guevara, winner of the award for Most Lifelike Corpse. He appears to be trying to remember something. It's not a gruesome photo. Just eerie. So like Che Guevara and my friend the dead rat, Jerry Chun Shing Lee won't look any different dead than he did alive. Despite being only six months sober, the CIA could've entrusted me with every secret on the planet. You can't pay me enough or provide me a beautiful enough women--a ""honey trap""--or blackmail me into betraying my country. Not possible. Before I left the country in 1985, I tried to renew my Venezuelan passport, because I was afraid of traveling as an American. But I would've lost my US citizenship and been drafted into the Venezuelan army. Afraid as I was, I went anyway. I thought a lot about terrorism. I'd survived the IRA bombing in Regent's Park only three years earlier. Read about the Irish tradition of ""kneecapping."" They drill a hole in your knee and pour in quick-dry cement that expands when it dries. And yet if some Irish savage captured me and threatened to kneecap me if I didn't give him the name of someone he would kill, I'd have to take the drill. See, I'd be dead anyway if I caused someone else to be murdered. That actually made me stop being afraid. And no Irish savages ever kneecapped me. To Mr. Lee, I say, ""Enjoy hell. You deserve it."" He's already a dead rat. They just need to make it official..."
" Since the school is trying to politicize this, let's tell the truth. ""Melissa Falkowski returned to a classroom and hid in a closet with 19 students from her newspaper class for nearly 40 minutes."" ""'We could not have been more prepared for this situation, which is what makes it so frustrating,' Falkowski told CNN's Anderson Cooper."" That's a lie. The mass murder was expelled for making death threats. Then the school sent an e-mail telling staff to not let him on campus if he were wearing a backpack. Back to Falkowski. ""I feel today like our government, our country has failed us and failed our kids and didn't keep us safe."" No. YOU failed. The mass murder used a RIFLE. How does an expelled student get on campus with a rifle? He was IN THE BUILDING. This video shows part of the shooting. Nobody is injured, but it's very intense. The school did what the Obama administration did: Obama let four men die in Benghazi rather than admit that he'd screwed up. The school expelled this guy for making death threats, TOOK NO PRECAUTIONS, and then immediately blames the government and the county. You can't blame ME, Ms. Falkowski, because I would've taken steps to prevent that bastard from carrying through on the threats he made. When you EXPEL a guy for making death threats, and you KNOW HE'S ARMED--and they did, because they said he was going to bring weapons on campus in a backpack--you hire OFF-DUTY COPS. The switch has been thrown, and all the robots are spooling out their stupid-ass blather, but the fact is THE SCHOOL SCREWED UP. The school KNEW the guy was dangerous, but they did nothing. I can't count how many death threats I've gotten. I take them all seriously, even though I don't let them change my life. If a guy showed up at my house and said he was going to kill me, I wouldn't send my brother an e-mail saying, ""Don't let him on my property if he's wearing a backpack."" Either you're serious about protecting lives, or your not. The school wasn't serious, and now it's trying to make political hay. Once again, the dead are only props. I live in California, where the sickest public-school teachers reside. Most are completely insane. We do we have almost no shootings at California high schools? Most California school districts have their own police forces. So it doesn't matter how insane, uncaring, and politicized the teachers and administrators are. When a student makes death threats, the cops handle it. Even though I don't let death threats rule my life, I take multiple precautions. The most BASIC precaution is that I own firearms. The people down the street recently bought an adult German shepherd. It's very vicious. The people two houses down have a houseful of toddlers who they don't supervise. So I was ready for the inevitable: The German shepherd got out and went for the kids. I've become an expert on dog barks, since my entire street is full of barking dogs. When the German shepherd's bark changed, I got my baseball bat and went outside. The dog was going for the kids. I couldn't get there in time, so I threw the bat at the dog and pegged it in the head. It did that screaming thing that vicious dogs do when you smash them for attacking. The one set of worthless neighbors took their kids inside, and I went down and told the owners of the new German shepherd that the next time, I'd shoot it. They now keep the dog in the back yard. Do I like any of this? OF COURSE NOT. I HATE it. But if you KNOW something is going to happen, do try to wish it away? Or do you prepare? The German shepherd would killed at least one child. I KNEW the dog was get out. It climbed the fence, as I KNEW it would. The only thing that changed the dog owners' behavior was cracking the dog in the head with a baseball bat and then threatening to shoot it. Everyone on my street is afraid of me. They think I'm crazy and dangerous. Good. That means they won't let their f*cking dog kill little kids... ADDENDUM: I'm trying to set a world record for typos. It happens when I get angry. Sorry..."
" The first distortion occurs BEFORE the explosion. These are two frames apart. Note that the color changed from a bluish cast to brown. This is BEFORE the explosion. Somethings totally messing with the digital camera. It HAS to be an EMP. The explosion goes straight up. The guy isn't knocked off his feet. But THEN we have a horizontal blast wave. It STILL misses the guy in front. The cameraman is either knocked over or dives to the ground. In 1997, Professor Josef Rom, Department of Aerospace Engineering, Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa, wrote about explosive gases. The Israelis were researching methods of firing payloads into space using an enormous cannon. The Israeli explosive gases were FAR more powerful than conventional high explosive. That's from ""Ram Accelerators: Proceedings of the Third International Workshop on Ram""... Edited by Kazuyoshi Takayama and Akihiro Sasoh (Berlin and Heidelberg: Springer Verlag, 1997), page 167. It's clear that the Israelis adapted Professor Rom's chemical accelerators for use in thermobaric weapons. The result is shock waves that can batter apart an armored vehicle or penetrate deep under ground. There's a video from Iraq that shows a dozen dead terrorists in an alley. All are denuded to the bone from the thigh down. They were hit with a directed blast wave that removed all the flesh from their lower bodies."
" on Swamp Dwellers. In politics, you don't have to say anything. You just DO certain things, and everybody knows what's going to happen. So Trump and his allies--by simply going about their business--send a clear message: ""You can't survive in this new world."" The Swamp Dwellers have the survival instincts of animals. That's because everyone in the Swamp is a backstabber. Certain animals have developed the ability to sleep one half of their brain at a time. They need half their brain awake at all times, in order to sense approaching danger. The Swamp Dwellers are the same. As they parade and strut and tell us, ""Your boy Trump is done!"" they're getting their affairs in order. Time to skedaddle! Trump likes to PRETEND to boast. He brags about NONPARTISAN accomplishments. I don't think he'll actually make a public example of anyone. People say they NEED to see perp walks and orange jumpsuits, but that's actually counterproductive. Why? Because the Swamp HAS no politics. If Trump starts making public examples, the GOP--no saints themselves--will go into psychotic survival mode. My guess is that only Pence, Kelly, Melania, Ivanka, and Kushner know the REAL plan for the DC Swamp. And even then, they don't have to brainstorm, because these are people who operate at a stratospheric level. In Vaudeville, everybody used the same jokes, which were numbered. So comedians could crack each other up just by saying, ""Number 12!"" Trump's REAL inner circle operates almost telepathically. My guess is Trump just has to say, ""The next phase,"" and everyone goes out and does what they already know their boss wants. See, THEY want it too. I think the cabinet member most similar to Trump is James Mattis. Trump puts on a show to distract, but inside he's just like Mattis. So imagine Mattis running the country. THAT'S who's running the country..."
" How smart and how discreet is ? One of the reasons that diplomacy fails is that diplomats won't shut up about it. How many times have we seen solemn diplomats at microphones, give us a play-by-play and using melodramatic language? American members of Congress get involved in diplomacy, screwing up everything because they're idiots. Will Rogers said, ""Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock."" Here's another thing Rogers said. What he means is that if there were no diplomats, there would be no war. This is actually true. So what has Trump done that nobody else was able to do? North Korea gives everyone the finger because North Korea has allies. One of North Korea's allies is Malaysia. On February 13, 2017, North Korea assassinated Kim Jong-un's half-brother Kim Jon-nam in Malaysia. At Kuala Lumpur International Airport 2, an Indonesian woman and a Vietnamese woman used VX nerve gas to kill Kim. They splashed his face with a liquid form of the gas and rubbed a gas-saturated cloth on his face. He died on the way to the hospital. North Korea immediately announced that it would reject all autopsy conclusions. That tells you all you need to know. Malaysia has a very powerful military. It also allowed Malaysian and North Korean citizens to travel back and forth without visas. A lot of breathless melodrama was written about what would happen to North Korean-Malaysian relations. By the end of March 2017, the world press reported that all was well between North Korea and Malaysia. Fast forward to today, September 12, 2017. ""The prime minister...does not do business with North Korea any longer."" No buildup, no rush to the microphones, no banners, no billboards. Only results. Trump does not require our allies to ""condemn."" Leftists care only about words. Trump cares about actions. This is why Trump is successful, while his opponents wallow in failure. Forever."
" Nicholas Niarchos shows what happens when someone with no knowledge of weapons writes about war. The Houthis (""Believers of God"") control all information coming out of the areas where they rule. Niarchos is publishing pure propaganda. The playbook for jihadist terrorists says that air forces bomb weddings, funerals, hospitals, schools, and mosques. Niarchos writes about an alleged funeral bombing. ""The serial number indicates that the bomb, a Mark-82—a sleek steel case eighty-seven inches long, twelve inches in diameter, and filled with five hundred pounds of explosive—was produced by Raytheon, the third-largest defense company in the United States."" ""The bomb had been modified with a laser guidance system, made in factories in Arizona and Texas, called a Paveway-II. The weapons are sometimes referred to as 'dumb bombs with graduate degrees.'"" “'They had been sold to the Saudis on the understanding that they would make their targeting more accurate,' Mark Hiznay, the associate arms director at Human Rights Watch, told me."" THERE'S your problem, Nicholas. You went to Human Rights Watch. Mark Hiznay totally misled you. Hiznay also said this: ""It turned out that the Saudis were failing to take all the feasible precautions in attacks that were killing civilians accurately.” What in God's name does that mean? The Saudis were not taking the right precautions to ensure accuracy in killing civilians? Here's the problem, Nichols: The entire Middle East is littered with fragments from aerial munitions. What the Houthis have done is COLLECT fragments, when they then present to YOU guys, and you act as their stenographers. What you SHOULD do is bomb-damage assessment (BDA). Let's do some BDA on the alleged target of the Paveway-II. This is all blast damage. Not a single trace of fragmentation. And the blast damage is MASSIVE. A munition with a warhead packed with high explosives did that. I say it was a ballistic missile. And...here's the impact site. It was a Houthi ballistic missile. The hole is far too large to have been made with an Mk-82 500-pound bomb. Look at the man in the background. Nicholas, you exposed the Houthis without even knowing it. ""It was such a foolish strike, because even the Saudis recognized that more people who were sympathetic to the Saudi position than the Houthi position were killed."" The Saudis aren't foolish. They're VERY smart. Who would kill people sympathetic to he Saudis? The Houthis. I looked at your resume, Nicholas. BA in literature from Yale, Columbia School of Journalism, the Guardian, the Racing Post, the Independent, the Nation, and the New Yorker. You're not qualified to write about war. The GBU-12 Paveway II is laser guided, meaning that the target is illuminated with a laser designator, and the munition hones in on the beam and follows it. I'll tell you something you don't know, Nicholas: In Yemen, the Saudi-led Coalition uses cement-filled inert training bomb in urban combat. We have the BDA that proves it. These two holes were made by BDU-56 inert 2000-pound bombs fitted with guidance systems. They hit the target inside the building without leveling the entire structure. Here's a house that was knocked apart with an inert bomb. The buildings on either side suffered no damage. So there's no doubt whatsoever that the Houthis hit the funeral with a ballistic missile. The massive blast damage and the impact site prove it. Think about it, Nicholas: Your entire career as a journalist is a waste of time. You literally have no idea what you're talking about. All that schooling, yet you publish propaganda that can be debunked in seconds. You and Human Rights Watch are part of the old, dead era of opposition to improvement and astonishing military skill and humaneness. No kidding: The Saudi armed forces are the best in the history of the planet. They TRAINED to become the best. ""They bombed a funeral!"" = ""They killed Kenny! You bastards!"" It's lost all its meaning through misuse and overuse. The journalists who cried wolf. If you REALLY wanted to be a journalist, you'd ask the Saudis to let you fly along on a mission. You'd be blown out of your socks. But that doesn't comport with your narrative, so you'll just plod along, blathering, getting everything wrong, forever... "
" All right. now has to be taken to the woodshed for his lies. He says this is a Saudi Patriot missile veering off course. In reality, that is an Iranian Qiam 1 ballistic missile that the Houthis fired. It was MADE to veer off course and crash harmlessly. Jeffrey Lewis claims to be an expert on missiles. I will show all you laypersons that he's lying. This is the Iranian Qiam 1 ballistic missile. This is the Patriot Advanced Capability (PAC) 3 missile. Look at the exhaust plume of the Qiam 1. Now look at the exhaust plume of the Patriot. The plumes of the missiles that veered off course and crashed in Saudi Arabia. That's right! Those are Qiam 1 missiles, not Patriots. The Patriot has a 200-pound high-explosive fragmentation warhead. The Qiam 1 has a 1650-pound high explosive fragmentation warhead. This is the impact of one missile that veered off course. NOT a Patriot. Expert liar. That's all he is..."
" I wasn't going to say this, but now I'm going to. Famous gun owners should NEVER agree to appear at any anti-gun venue after a mass shooting. Why not? Because the anti-gun venue is ALWAYS used to distract from institutional failures. And BOY were there some GOLIATH FAILURES in Florida. The shooter had been put under a 72-hour psychiatric hold. ""'The system broke down,' said Gordon Weekes, one of Broward County's chief assistant public defenders. 'It did not catch the red flags.'"" You betcha! And THIS. The armed, uniformed cop stood motionless for four minutes of the six-minute shooting. He never confronted the shooter. And also THIS. THOSE should have been the headlines. Instead, THIS is the headline. THIS ALWAYS HAPPENS. The celebrity gun owners ALLOWS the institutional failure to be brushed under the carpet. You're not going to change anybody's mind. All you're doing is LETTING THEM OFF THE HOOK. Gun owners need to SNAP OUT OF IT. This isn't a movie. The other side is responsible for this on ALL LEVELS, and you're facilitating it. At that STUPID, POINTLESS town-hall meeting, everyone acted out the parts written for them, and ONCE AGAIN the real story was buried. I hate futility, and I hate ritual. If you're a famous gun owner who takes part in these cover-ups, YOU ARE PART OF THE PROBLEM. As a result of this frigging repetition complex, ONCE AGAIN the rifle is the subject. So gun owners SCREWED UP AGAIN. STOP SCREWING UP. All you're doing is HELPING THE OTHER SIDE evade responsibility..."
" The Democrats will still exist, and someday they'll regain power. But this is what leftists don't understand: We're one or two elections away from the Republicans being able to AMEND THE CONSTITUTION without Democratic input. So we're going to see the end of birthright citizenship. Count on it. The Democrats ABUSED it in order to get votes. So it's going to be taken away. Who knows what else will be taken away? And you know what? The Democrats will NEVER regain enough power to amend the Constitution themselves. Trump WILL support doing away with birthright citizenship. After that, all new Americans will have to be naturalized. This will solve SO MANY PROBLEMS. No more anchor babies or planeloads of pregnant Chinese women. Americans have been ABUSED. Trump will stop it. The Democrats think this will never happen. In reality, it's now INEVITABLE."
" explains the dangers of show business. The press makes fun of people for being fat. The press makes fun of people for having addictions. The press makes fun of people for thinking differently. ""We are controlled by the media."" Absolutely. I spent ten years in Hollywood as a music journalist. Some of you might be saying, ""What does have to complain about?"" Well, the media can end his career. Artists and the press have a symbiotic relationship, BUT. Every single musician I interviewed HATED music journalists. It's not the power of the individual journalist. It's the power of the media OUTLET. I could've ruined careers if I wanted. During an interview, a bassist revealed that she hadn't played on the debut album, even though she was credited. She revealed this BY ACCIDENT, on the record. So I stopped the interview and called my boss to ask him what to do. The record label pressured the magazine into taking me off the story. That was almost twenty years ago, but I still won't reveal the bassist's name. I could've ended her career before it started. Another bassist spent most of the interview talking about her time in prison for drug trafficking. She was high when I interviewed her. So I called the publicist and asked, ""Is this something you want out there?"" ""NO!"" the publicist screamed. ""Why does she talking about this?"" So I didn't write about it, and the publicist thanked me. Almost everyone in the media would love to destroy . To be able to get a scalp of THAT size would make a journalist a star. So they'd do it in a second. When I was a music journalist, everybody told me that celebrities had no right to privacy. By BECOMING famous, they gave up their right to privacy. Everything was fair game. So who can trust? Did you notice the DEAD SILENCE at the end of that TMZ clip? Guess who's in total control of his fate now? I think it's great. Amazing times are created by amazing people..."
" The New York Times goes to bat for Iran. is telling us that unless Americans travel to Yemen and inspect impact craters, the US is not allowed to believe our allies. Ismay was a navy explosive ordnance disposal technician. He himself didn't adhere to the standards that he's demanding we apply to material that Nikki Haley showed us. Here's Ismay explaining how it's not necessary for the US Defense Intelligence Agency to certify every atom of evidence we see. Ismay is also a failure at forensic reconstruction of events. ""'I’m guessing somebody wanted to make a statement by using it,' John Ismay, a senior crisis advisor at Amnesty International and former Explosive Ordnance Disposal Officer in the U.S. Navy, tells Inverse."" ""'Unless Central Command or the White House can prove otherwise, from everything that’s come out so far, there doesn’t appear to be any particular reason why you had to use the MOAB.'"" The MOAB is the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast. It took me five seconds to figure out why General Nicholson dropped the MOAB. You don't drop an air-blast munition on tunnels. You use it to destroy targets on the surface. The Pakistani Inter Services Intelligence (ISI) has created more terrorist groups than any government agency in the world. We spent almost two decades begging them to stop. They refused. So the ISI was set up. It's likely that ALL the field agents who supported terrorists in Central Asia were killed. And now? My father always said, ""You speak to people in a language they understand."" The Pakistanis understand ""Massive Ordnance Air Blast."" Ismay works for Amnesty International, which means he opposes all efforts to fight terrorism. But neither he nor the New York Times matter. Nikki Haley's presentation is both real AND a rabbit. Like the good doggies they are, the New York times and John Ismay are chasing Trump's rabbits. And while the doggies run off into the woods, the Gulf Cooperation Council and its allies are taking care of business, unmolested by those who support the continued suffering in the Middle East. In 2011, all UAE soldiers began learning Farsi. Good hunting, men. "
" asks a question. Keep in mind that I'm NOT preaching. Just casually yapping. ALSO, keep in mind that I'm a non-religious theist. I believe in god but practice no religion. So my OWN beliefs have nothing to do with anybody else's. I'm not saying anybody else is right or wrong. I'm just answering a question. I was terrified of death until I was thirty years old. Being born in Venezuela during a particularly lawless period, I saw murders and other things. It left me with such severe PTSD that I'm a hermit. I always have to know the answer, which is why I researched Roy Moore. In the case of the judge, I also saw myself in him in that everyone was piling on. That's been MY pattern. But from reading every religious tome ever written and from reading everything about near-death experiences (NDEs), this is is what I think happens when we die: There's a period of readjustment, during which you pretty much do what you want. An hour after my father died, he came to my house. I know it was him, because I was overwhelmed with the scent of Old Spice aftershave. And I felt someone standing behind my right shoulder. When my father was in hospice, I had long conversations with the chaplain, who told me that I was the most knowledgeable person she'd ever met on the subject of life after death. So I think you die and readjust. Multiple books say that the readjustment period goes on for as long as necessary. Then at some point, you have a meeting with...someone. I picture M. Emmet Walsh, one of the greatest actors of all time. He's now 82 (right). Walsh has a list, and he asks you about EVERYTHING. It's an interview in which you must explain yourself and take responsibility for wrongdoing. Some people find it impossible to take responsibility. But everything I've read about God tells me that free will is paramount. So you don't HAVE to take responsibility. You can get up and leave the interview with M. Emmet Walsh. But if you leave, you can't go forward. This isn't punishment; it's just that you can't see the passageway. The only place you can go is back. So you come back here, and it's VERY unsatisfactory. Now, a person who refuses to take responsibility would find the interview HORRIBLE. ""It's not like anyone thinks. It's bad, very bad."" There's another factor. I read about a seance in which the dead man was asked what it's like to come back to earth and communicate with the living. His answer is great: ""It's like dictating to an obtuse and unwilling secretary sitting on the other side of a thick pane of frosted glass."" My guess is that the departed who try to communicate with us are doing so in a state of confusion, while expending great effort. My OWN father found it impossible to take responsibility for his actions, so HE would think the interview with M. Emmet Walsh is very bad. But if you look around you, it's easy to see that this is a great era of change. People are choosing sides: Those who want improvement, and those who support the status quo. Living here on earth forever would be the status quo. Moving forward after taking responsibility for your decisions would be improvement. I always watch for patterns. I think it isn't an accident that the world suddenly got a bunch of leaders who want improvement. All of us are different. I think fate and free will can be balanced. Each decision you make opens up another pre-planned opportunity tailored specifically for YOU. That's your fate. But you arrive there through decisions and choices. That's free will. Donald Trump and I wouldn't be offered the same opportunities, because we're different people. I'd make a horrible president. So I think the meaning of life is to improve. In order to improve, you must take responsibility for you actions. For some people, that's very bad. But I think they eventually come around. The system is benign, meant to help, not punish..."
" 4-D chess. ""Trump ain't playin' it. You're a dope. I'm smart! I got me some sources!"" Laughable. Training and experience allow you to play 4-D chess. Trump's life isn't in immediate danger. He's not on a battlefield. Trump had decades to game things out. Social media makes things easier. Finally, Trumnp's allies allow him to create and plan and implement it over a long period. Why would people say it's impossible that Trump is playing 4-D chess? Because THEY CAN'T PLAY IT. They are rinky-dinks, peddling bullshit. The stupidest, most offensive bullshit they peddled? Then--of course--they said it was THE JEWS! Trump has the ability and opportunity to play 4-D chess. He's been doing it since he began running for office. Trump's allies are mature men and women who've had the time to game things out. Now, watch a video of teenagers or men in their VERY early twenties game things out ON THE SPOT, ON A BATTLEFIELD. What you just saw was 4-D chess played by three kids and a middle-aged guy. Improvised on the spot. If I hadn't pointed out every step of the mini-operation, you never would've seen ANY of it. If VERY young soldiers can learn to game out an incredibly complex defensive action unnoticed, why can't Trump? Trump has multiple advantages that the three kids and the middle-aged man in the video DON'T have. Suicide squads disguised as TV reporters killed MANY important allies of the US. So the four men in the video above had to each choose a target, position themselves, warn the VIP, and prepare. All done with only one word and eye contact. How do you defeat suicide squads? The chambering of the rifle round indicates that the barely seen middle-aged man was simply going to kill everybody. Nobody died. The commandos' training allowed them to perceive that the camera crew was not a threat. But it was close. In another video, Iraqi Federal Police commandos identified a terrorist disguised as a cop. This has never before been caught on film. Do the Twitter gurus show you stuff like this? No. Why not? Because they're lying fame-whores who are full of hippopotamus poo. Trump and his allies are playing for keeps. They're doing everything they can, within the law. Ignore the Twitter gurus. THIS is real. So are Trump and his allies. THIS is fake. As I told you at the time. "
" This guy blocked me because I pointed out that he never backs up his claims. Is this true? I don't know. But. IF regime change happens, this is how it will start. The citizens will be seen as rising up and arming themselves. Next, the Iranian armed forces--NOT the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps--will be seen as joining in. How easy is this to carry out? Let's ask the Russians. This is the T4 Air Base in Syria. An entire squadron of Russian attack helicopters was destroyed. All the supply trucks and the hardened deports were also destroyed. The ""experts"" said it was Islamic State artillery. Show me ONE crater in the ground. Just ONE. In reality it was an Entebbe-style commando raid. Transport aircraft landed at the far end of the runway. The commandos drove out in death-mobiles. They blew up the entire base and then exfiltrated, as it's called. So, here's what to look for in Iran: If the army issues a statement saying that they're on the side of the people, that means it's regime change. They'll have help from the deadliest soldiers on earth. All we can do right now is wait..."
" This will show you have much the Middle East has changed. On June 16, 2016, a retired Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps general led the Iraqis into a massive ambush into Fallujah. The Iraqis came up this side street. The Islamic State hit them with at least seven car and house bombs. The terrorists fired antitank guided missiles from BEHIND the Iraqis. At least five armored vehicles were destroyed. A young unarmed man had a shouting match with the Iraqis. This is him. Then this man in the tan T-shirt took over the entire operation. The videos are all edited to obscure the sequence of events. This is the moment that the Iraqis asked the black man for help. After a lot of research, I decided that the man who temporarily took over the operation was from the Eritrean 525th Commando Division. This would explain his ethnicity and training. It turns out that the United Arab Emirates built a base in Eritrea in 2016. The satellite images from TODAY are even more interesting. The dark-gray aircraft are IOMAX Archangels of Aviation Group 18, UAE Special Operations Command. Eritrea was seen as another country that would never get its act together. The Gulf Cooperation Council is proving THAT assessment wrong too..."
" Harvey Weinstein. I knew about him in 1993. Everybody did. I spent ten years in Hollywood, working as a music journalist. Published two books about it. And this one. Things were very different in 1992-2002. Back then, PRINT was king. I worked for prestigious music publications. This was my best piece ever. Two geniuses--Jim Roberts and Karl Coryat--let me write for them because I was GOOD. They fulfilled my dream. The way Hollywood worked back then was that celebrities hired independent publicists. The publicists represented multiple clients. I was invited to more parties than I can count, as a way to butter me up. Publicists represented established stars and up-and-comers. So I had entrée into Hollywood's A-list. I also guides, a married couple who worked in Hollywood and got off on the total depravity. This couple was nice to me, and they helped advance my career, so I put up with the endless talk of what people did. I knew about Weinstein as early as 1993. So did everybody else. All these leftist actresses expressing shock are LYING. The ones who attack Trump are fully aware of Weinstein's history. See, most actresses will do anything to make it big. Weinstein had all access to as many pussy hats as he wanted. But THAT'S no fun! It's only fun when you cause people to suffer. And EVERYBODY gave Harvey a free pass. Look at the date of THIS. Remember how Jennifer Lawrence said nature itself is angry at Donald Trump? Who's your pal, Jen? Look at her face. All that matters to leftists is that the correct words be spoken. Saying the right things gives you freedom to be a monster. Lisa Bloom is the perfect exemplar of the leftist ethos. That article shows how utterly compromised ALL OF THESE PEOPLE ARE. In Hollywood, youth is a commodity. Males and females are fed to the pigs. What makes it so preposterous is that Hollywood isn't even making good product anymore, and actors are miserable. The only people thriving are pig-men who sate their appetites. And ALL THE WOMEN KNOW. I have dirt on hundreds of people. They're racists, hypocrites, druggies, and sexual deviants. But none of these people are criminals. So I won't reveal their names. But as bad as you think Hollywood is, it's much worse. The operative word is ""compromised."" People sell their souls. And what happens? In ""Scarface,"" Al Pacino tells you what happens. You become a pig. On all levels. An Iraqi Shia cleric said one of the most profound things I've ever heard. He was asked if he wanted booze and nightclubs banned in Iraq. ""No,"" he said. ""If you have no opportunity to sin, then you can't call yourself a moral person."" The moral person CHOOSES TO NOT SIN, regardless of the temptations. But Hollywood rationalizes its sins and CRIMES by puking out leftist talking points. And the young men and women--and the children--are fed to the pigs. Al Pacino plays Satan in ""The Devil's Advocate."" ""Vanity is DEFINITELY my favorite sin,"" he says. It's because vanity leads to all the OTHER sins and crimes. Every one of these leftist actresses who hate Trump? They're ALL covering up for the pig-men. Electoral extermination is the only thing that these people will understand. In 2018 and 2020, remember the pig-men."
" shows you why western ""military experts"" are worthless. Here's what he talks about. And two. And three. He's a childish weirdo. What does he have to say about THIS? Nothing. Because he doesn't KNOW about it. You could fill a public library with what Jerry Lewis here doesn't know. Kinetic weapons. The Black Boxes. EMP weapons knocking out vehicle engines. Attack aircraft flying Mach 4.5 at nearly rooftop level. Theromobaric fragmentation missiles with frequency hopping spread-spectrum guidance systems. Drifting munitions. Munitions that produce zero fragmentation. Instead of actually doing some frigging research, he geolocates Nikki Haley and spews venom about Trump. I'll leave him with my favorite weapon that he doesn't know about: The pyrophoric slug flamethrower. I made a mockup, based on patents. It uses blank rifle cartridges to fire ""slugs"" or blobs of pyrophoric material: goop that ignites spontaneously when exposed to atmospheric air. The fuel tank is cloth, so it's silent and doesn't need to be pressurized. We tons of video that shows terrorist burned ONLY between their chin and thighs. Their explosive belts were incinerated. GRAPHIC. A graphic closeup. Intact trousers and hair. Intact clothing, but he lost his right arm. It was holding a detonator. As a culture, we've slid VERY far. Our ""experts"" are angry fifteen-year-old boys. Why is it that a layman knows more about weapons than a professional? It's because I'm not an angry fifteen-year-old boy..."
" A bunch of people on Twitter--you know who they are--accuse me of being a government plant. The real story is FAR more fascinating. Watch what I do here. Abracadabra! If I WERE a government plant, I wouldn't tell you, would I? Well, what if I were like Juan Pujol García? Pujol was a Spanish civilian who offered to spy on the Nazis for the British and the Americans. They turned him down. So he did it ANYWAY. Totally on his own. After convincing the Nazis that he was legitimate, they sent him to Britain, to spy. So he moved to Lisbon, Portugal, and PRETENDED to be in Britain. Using tourist guides, train timetables, cinema newsreels, and magazine ads, Pujol made up troop movements. He also recruited imaginary agents and had THEM send in fake information. The Allies watched all of this. When they saw the Germans send out aircraft and submarines to hunt down a fictional convoy, they recruited Pujol themselves. Now he ACTUALLY moved to Britain, he was given the code name ""Garbo."" With his British handler, Garbo created a fictional network of 27 spies. Garbo was instrumental in convincing the Nazis that the Allies would land at Pas de Calais instead of Normandy. THAT was the mother of all deception operations. Rubber tanks, fake radio broadcasts, loudspeakers that put out the sounds of matching men... It fooled the Nazis. Garbo was so highly prized that the Nazis awarded him the Iron Cross Second Class. The British also awarded him the Oder of the British Empire. He's the only man to get both awards. After the war, Garbo faked his death. So he was an AMATEUR government plant who became a REAL government plant. And how! Is that MY story too? Well, in 1969, I broke my arm so badly that we had to go to Florida to get it set. I lived in Venezuela at the time. Being a wild child raised by wolves, I managed to knock the bones out of place before they set. So I had to go back to Miami, get the arm rebroken and reset, and then it was put in another cast. Altogether, my arms was in a cast for over three months. When I had the second cast taken off, my arm was frozen at a 90-degree angle. So I had to go to a hospital in a city called Lagunillas, where they had a hydrotherapy machine. I had to sit on a stool with my arm in a tub of warm, bubbling water--for three hours at a time, three times a week. It took over six months to get my arm working again. I was nine, so sitting there for hour after hour was really hard. One day my mother said that we were going to get me a present. So we went to a toy store in Lagunillas. It was amazing. All the toys were on the ceiling. The store owner asked me about my arm. I spoke fluent Spanish at the time, so I told him about the break, the rebreak, and the hydrotherapy. He knelt in front of me and hugged me and said, ""Be strong. Everything will be well."" Then he took a long pole and used it to take a boxed toy down from the ceiling. It was a battery-operated space tank, very similar to this. But it had a surprise. On the underside was a flat space monster that looked like this. The tank had internal clockwork gears that pushed a lever behind the monster. So the tank would roll along, and then the monster would left it up, just like hat rock. Then the lever would let the tank down, and the process repeated. It was amazing toy. The store owner gave it to us for free. That man was Juan Pujol García. Isn't that far MORE interesting than anything you've heard from all the guys with ""inside knowledge""...?"
" Pakistan is/was held hostage by the Inter Services Intelligence (ISI), the way Hezbollah held Lebanon hostage. Saudi Arabia cut off funds to the Lebanese military, and Hezbollah said, ""Yay! We won!"" BUT. What was happening was that the Lebanese army was being trained in the US and other centers in the Middle East. Then suddenly the US donated tons of high-tech weaponry to the Lebanese army. Hezbollah was tricked. Now, Hezbollah is outgunned by the Lebanese army. And it happened totally clandestinely. No leaks. So the same thing may be happening in Pakistan..."
" asks a question. The answer is that this is theater. Trump: The Saudis had already done so. But. The Houthis says that the cranes used to unload ships were destroyed in an air strike. That's a lie. ""Brigadier General Ahmed Asseri, spokesman for the Saudi-led coalition, said the strikes on Hodeida were directed not at the civilian port but at a base where the Houthis had deployed anti-ship weapons."" ""'There is a naval base inside the port. This is where we struck last night,' he said."" Don't take HIS word for it. The photo accompanying the article claiming that the cranes were destroyed shows...undamaged cranes. The Saudis and Trump are using this issue as strategic distraction. In reality, massive aid convoys are entering Yemen from Saudi Arabia. My guess is that the Saudis are about to capture the port. If they do that, it means no more supplies form Iran. Stand by for the Saudis to say something disrespectful about Trump. Then everyone will rub their hands in glee. Meanwhile a freighter full of commandos will dock at Hodeida. There's no danger of starvation. That's propaganda. The Saudis use enemy propaganda against the people CREATING the propaganda. It's quite brilliant..."
" Also, Iran has been putting out photos from 2014. Suleimani on the left of October of 2015; on the right in Syria in ""February of 2016."" The photo on the right is an Iraq jacket. It's from June of 2014. The Iranians said that this is Suleimani in Fallujah in 2016. Note the Iraqi federal pol;ice major general on the right. This is ACTUALLY from Fallujah in June of 2016. The Iraqi general has dropped about 40 pounds and he's clean shaven. Suleimani is as dead as all these other guys... "
" After 9/11, there was a demand for something that would never happen: Muslims were supposed to publicly repudiate their own religion. If you KNOW anything about the Middle East, you understand that ""face"" is a real concern. Now, Middle Easterners aren't helpless victims. BUT. Westerners have WAY too much historical baggage to go into the Middle East and start changing everything around. I didn't know this myself until about 2012. This is why I now oppose invasion and occupation. It never works. ""It worked in Japan and Germany!"" No it didn't. We've had MULTIPLE rabidly anti-American Japanese and German leaders, and they took every advantage they could. I'm now convinced that the ONLY WAY to fight wars is clandestinely, the way the Gulf Cooperation Council and its allies do. We don't even KNOW who's fighting. Malaysia totally denies fighting ANYWHERE. So why the DESERT CAMOUFLAGE on the new helicopters? What possessed Malaysian gamers to suddenly start depicting A-10 Thunderbolt IIs in desert camouflage with Malaysian national markings? Warfare has become fatally politicized in the US. We can't trust Congress or even presidents to do the right thing. So it's likely that the way forward is to have the US provide support while others ""do the heavy lifting."" That way, people like Sanders can't f*ck up everything..."
" This is why I don't the Mueller stuff. These questions are bogus. ""How was the decision made to request the resignation of Gen. Flynn on Feb. 13?"" Trump explained it at least five times publicly. There's nothing more to add. ""Regarding the decision to terminate Comey, when was it made, why was it made, who on your staff played a role in decision, and how was it determined to make it public?"" FBI Directors can be fired without cause. Again, no reason to ask this. ""What was the reason for your continued criticism of Comey and McCabe, even till today?"" McCabe? Well, how about the fact that the FBI asked that he be fired for lying? Comey? He's only told ten different stories on every topic. ""What did you think and what did you do regarding AG Sessions recusal?"" Another question with no content. A teenager wrote it, apparently. ""What did you think and what did you do in reaction to the news of the appointment of the Special Counsel? – Including your reaction to AG Session’s resignation?"" Sessions resigned? I missed that. Why is the press covering it up? ""What was the purpose of holding AG Sessions resignation until May 31 and with whom did you discuss it?"" Try again in English, please. ""What was the purpose of the public criticism of Sessions via tweets during July 2017?"" Deception, of course. Duh. ""What discussions did you have during the campaign regarding US Sanctions toward Russia?"" TOWARD Russia? Mueller, is English not your native language? ""During the campaign, what knowledge or information did you have regarding Russian hacking, use of social media or other acts aimed at the campaign?"" The joint statement that the ODNI and DHS made on October 7, 2016. Duh again. ""What knowledge did you have during the Transition of an attempt to establish back channel communications to Russia and efforts by Jared Kushner regarding same?"" H. R. McMaster said it was normal. He's not known to be a boot-licking liar. ""What knowledge do you have of a 2017 meeting in Seychelles regarding Erik Prince of Blackwater?"" There's no such company as Blackwater. The name was dropped in 2009. It's now Academi, it's THIRD name. Neither Mueller nor anyone associated with him wrote these questions. The New York Times was hoaxed. This crap is TOO TEDIOUS TO FOLLOW. Which is why I don't follow it..."
" ""Burning the motorcycles of the repressive forces in Ahwaz."" Ahwaz is Arabs. The opposition to the regime is coalescing around the Arabs of Ahwaz. Now, I KNOW that many westerners are made nervous by the takbir: ""Allahu akbar."" But did you notice that the cameraman said it ONCE, not 40,000 times as we've seen in other videos? This is more stunning brilliance that I never anticipated. There's a historical rivalry between Persians and Arabs. Arabs are VERY wary of Persians, and Persians view Arabs in a less-than-favorable light. The Arabs of Ahwaz are bringing Persians and REGIONAL Arabs together. It's absolute genius. AND. This means that OTHER Arabs can blend in. This is a VERY powerful moment. I've never heard a polyrhythmic Arab chant before. Remember: The Middle East must free itself. Middle Easterners aren't Americans, so they do things differently. But in the end, we're all going to get along. THIS is the most important news not covered by our worthless press. I never joined in with the people who said that Islam is a danger to the planet. The reason is that I knew too much about Muslims. I read thousands of opinion pieces, and I watched the changes happening. BUT. I honestly believed that the best that the reformers could do would be to restrain Islamists. Islamism is political Islam. Islamists and Muslims ARE different, no matter what anybody tells you. So I never expected to see ANY of the changes that are now coming daily. I am 100 percent sure that the Middle East will become a great place to live and to raise children. Making the Iranian Arabs of Ahwaz central to regime change is something that never even occurred to me. Now that I see it, I'm stunned AGAIN at the genius of the reformers. And you know what else? Making Iranian Arabs central to regime change is something that never occurred to me. It proves AGAIN the genius of the reformers. And you know what else? It proves AGAIN that our role should be one of SUPPORT. Period. Provide the help that the locals request, IN THE WAYS that they request. They know what they're doing. The speed of the changes and the lack of societal upheaval prove it..."
" Here's a first for Iran. Watch a protector in action. Cop touches a woman. Man comes out from behind the crowd. Now, is THAT a scary guy or what? He simply stands in front of the women. Then he leans in and speaks to the cop. I have a theory: The mullahs are bringing in men who speak only Arabic, not Farsi. Those men can't understand the protesters, so the protesters can't reach those men. But what if there are Arabic speakers in the crowd? The purpose of bringing in cops who speak only Arabic is to prevent them from listening. What if there are Arabic speakers in the crowds who can communicate with the cops and tell them what the protesters are saying? Here's our man again, watching over another group of women. His head is on a swivel. What caught my attention is how he moves. That's not your average guy, sidestepping obstacles while keeping his upper body perfectly straight, not swinging his arms, and zeroing in like laser. All good things to those who wait..."
" Sleeve cuff: Skull at the middle of the cuff = Flamethrower Regiment. Skull on the sleeve above the cuff = Assault Battalion 5. Skull at the top of the cuff = Ranger Assault Battalion 3. Skull halfway on and halfway off the cuff at the top = Assault Battalion 17."
" Let's talk about this. Did you know that there's no such crime as ""collusion""? discussed sanctions with Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak. The FBI cleared Flynn of wrongdoing. I don't know General Flynn. But he was aware he was being recorded. He was the former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA). Flynn is a spook. The Trump administration is airtight when it comes to NATIONAL SECURITY LEAKS. I can't PROVE anything, but I'm guessing that our military capabilities would blow off your socks. This is called ""kinetic bombardment."" This video is entirely unexplained. We don't know the target, the weapon, or the armed force that used it. The munition left a trail of superheated air. I think it was a Rod From God. Kinetic bombardment. Back to Russia and Flynn and Trump. There's nothing THERE. Nobody can put the squeeze on General Flynn, because he DIDN'T DO ANYTHING. And General Flynn can't ""flip"" on Trump, because TRUMP DIDN'T DO ANYTHING. General Flynn is a surfer. Maybe he can flip like THIS. As an aside, General Flynn, HOW CAN YOU STAND THE SURFING CULTURE? The video above is the least-obnoxious one I could find. And listen to the music! Doesn't anyone just PUT OUT CALM, QUIET videos of people surfing? I NEED TO KNOW, GENERAL. You're only three years older than me, and you're a spook. Looking through surfing videos made me feel like I was going insane. Did ""rigorous interrogation"" include subjecting people to SURFING VIDEOS? At any rate, Trump isn't going to jail, because he didn't commit any crimes. General's Flynn's lawyers were forced to debunk the LAST demented accusations. We've been playing with this junk for over a year now. Maybe everybody should just ignore this stuff. You'll find out what's happening eventually. Why work yourself up into a state of hysteria? Happy Thanksgiving, General Flynn. I'm thankful for patriots like you..."
" All righty! Let's see if we can piece together what's happening. Here in the US, there are too many stories to follow. Trump announces his reelection campaign 2.5 years earlier than any president in history. Trump hates Sessions again. Trump's tackling the gun issue and pissing off the NRA. John Kelly allegedly pulled the security clearances of 30+ White House staffers, including Jared Kushner. The Susan Rice e-mail and her lawyers' response raise FAR more questions than they answer. is recording torch songs, apparently. Falling in love again Never wanted to What am I to do? Can't help it Love's always been my game Play it how I may I was made that way Can't help it The whole world is watching US and our Clown Apocalypse. What ELSE is happening? Trump spoke with THIS guy. And Trump spoke with THIS guy. Both are the commanders-in-chief of their armed forces. As is Trump. The three C-i-C's were touching bases on the roles our countries will play. My prediction is the taking out of Hezbollah and the toppling of the Iranian mullahs simultaneously. This was a trap. Someone told Putin that we would step aside. Instead, Mattis hit the Russians with almost everything we had. There were FAR more assets on station than were known. So now Putin will not interfere. ""They beat our asses like we were little pieces of s---"" Yup. That's what happened. What's Israel doing? Gosh! FANNING THE FLAMES! Very unusual for Israel to speak this way. Maybe even unprecedented. Let's move to Iran. You need to know how the armed forces are structured. Iran has TWO armed forces: The military and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC). In 2009, the military refused to put down the protests. SOMEONE in the IRGC is leaking videos of amazing brutality. The IRGC is hacking people with swords. As a result, Iranians are calling the IRGC the ""Islamic State."" The way you can tell the IRGC from the army is that the army wears the ""high and tight"" haircut: Shaved sides of the head, and a short crew on top. The videos of violence always show young men with high-and-tight haircuts watching. The watchers all have this haircut. The paramilitary branch of the IRGC is called the Basij. It appears that thousands have defected. The mullahs are bringing in Arabs, Afghans, and Pakistanis to attack protesters. We now have civilians setting themselves on fire in protest. And finally, we see that the UAE began THIS program in 2011. So I predict that the Iranian armed forces will topple the mullahs with the help of unidentified nations, and the Gulf Cooperation Council will neutralize Hezbollah. These will happen simultaneously. The Iranian armed forces will get help that doesn't harm civilians. Precision strikes, electronic warfare, deception operations. Hezbollah will be hit with massive force--but I can't tell you what kind. Turkey was stopped in its tracks. Suddenly the Kurds had unbelievably powerful and advanced weapons. I've never seen antitank guided missiles do this. The ammunition and the fuel of the tanks--there were two or three--were incinerated instantly. That explosion was the size of a city block. This would be the perfect time to take out Hezbollah and the mullahs. I hope it happens. But it's just a prediction... ADDENDUM: Axios says Trump just...doesn't care. So funny. Everyone is OBSESSED with Trump's tweets...yet they miss all the important ones. Can't get more plain spoken that that. We're going to help topple the mullahs..."
" points out a VERY important change: ""Visas were previously restricted to people traveling to the country for work or to visit its holy sites."" Why was that? Because the religious authorities feared WESTERN, SECULAR influences. Why has this fear gone away? Because Saudi Arabia wants to join the community of nations as a member of equal--NOT special--standing. ""We want to be a normal country."" --Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman The Saudis are sick to death of the whole mess. Sectarianism, imperialism, geopolitics, war... They just want to be a normal county. The religious police were disbanded in 2016. We're talking about Sunni Saudis, but I'll quote a Shia Iraqi cleric: He was asked if he wanted bars and nightclubs banned in Iraq. His answer: ""No. We can't ban bars and nightclubs. If you have no opportunity to sin, you can't call yourself a moral person."" This is 100 percent true. If you are PREVENTED from seeing or even being able to take part in things that are considered vices, you haven't exercised choice. Morality is based on CHOICE. So the Saudis are no longer fearful of ""corrupting influences."" The government is releasing its people to make their own choices. With freedom of action comes freedom of thought. With freedom of thought comes the right decisions..."
" makes a point. The current talking point is ""You can die for your country, but now they want to make it impossible for you to defend yourself!"" This is what happens when you communicate in only talking points. Federal law already requires that handgun purchasers be 21. You didn't know that, did you? The REASON you didn't know that is because nobody riled you up about it. That age restriction existed without having any impact on you. What happened NOW is that someone stuck a key in your back and wound you up. This is you. See, your anger is not real. You didn't even KNOW that people have to be 21 to buy handguns. And yet kids under 21 have done quite well under that law. Katelyn was 13 at the time. So when you BITCH MINDLESSLY and call ME names, when YOU didn't even know that we already have an age restriction of 21 for handguns, I just laugh at you. You know what I hate? Bromides. I've been hearing this for forty years. ""A guy can vote and die for his country, but he can't even have a beer."" So what? Why is it necessary to have the age limit for everything be the same? There's isn't a single RATIONAL reason to do it. Raising the drinking age to 21 caused deaths by drunk driving to plummet. That was the goal. The hard reality is that 18-year-olds get drunker and cause more deadly car accidents than 21-year-olds. When you're 18, you're in deeper denial about your mortality. AND GUESS WHAT? That's the EXACT REASON we draft 18-year-olds. Let me tell you a story. In World War One, the Germans bet the farm on what they called the Kaiser's Battle: a giant offensive on March 21, 1918. The Germans invented ""shock-troop tactics,"" which are still used today by special forces. Every single soldier in the German army was trained in these tactics. The Germans thought their tactics would win the day. They were so confident that they made entire divisions into ""attack divisions."" Well, they ran into a problem that NOBODY anticipated: The units made up of 18- to 25-year-olds performed MAGNIFICENTLY. They THREW themselves into battle. The units made up of men 26 to 30? They did TERRIBLY. These were all MARRIED MEN with CHILDREN. All of these men had four years' worth of battle experience. They were DONE. They wanted to live to see their kids grow up, so they held back. The German offensives failed because they didn't have enough 18 to 25-year-olds. We draft men at 18 because they're better fighters than 26-year-olds. So: The drinking age is 21 because 18-year-olds kill themselves and others by drinking and driving. The draft is 18 because that's the best age for a soldier. Not hard to figure out..."
" Funeral of Mohsen Adeli, killed by Iranian security forces. This man is an Iranian army soldier. The haircut identifies him as army, not Basij or IRGC. My guess is that his presence is symbolic..."
" Did you know that people claiming to be on your side are actually fooling you? They tricked you with this. Here's the real story. ""Earlier this year, CNN’s Brian Stelter reported that Sinclair Broadcast Group, the largest owner of local news stations in the country with over 200 owned or operated, would be requiring local news anchors to read a scripted promo that reflects a mistrust of the media."" So it WASN'T a brainwashing attempt. It was a company requiring that its employees all read from the same script. In other words, it was OVERT. There was nothing hidden about it. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, get blocked. I don't lie ""for the greater good."" It's one thing to engage in strategic deception. It's quite another to make up something that paints the opposition as something they're not. When everybody throws all standards out the window, we have the Obama administration. I'm not going to fight Obamaism by becoming Obama. Sorry..."
" talks about flamethrowers. For whatever reason, flame tactics were not emphasized in World War II. Men had to improvise them. I have World War One German, Austrian, French, Italian, and Russian flamethrower manuals. They all have extensive passages on tactics. The German ""Pouncing Tactic."" A flamethrower shock troop was two small-flamethrower squads and a four-man hand-grenade squad. The night before the attack, the large flamethrowers were secretly emplaced. They also had ""double small flamethrowers"": two portables hooked together, with a large lance. The lance was almost six feet long. They used the double small flamethrowers to get really close to the enemy line. At Zero Hour, all the large flamethrowers and the double small flamethrowers would open up at the same time. A gigantic cloud of black smoke was created, and there was an ear-splitting roar. The flamethrower shock troops would use the black cloud and the noise as cover. They ran as fast as they could to the enemy trench and jumped in. Then they ""rolled it up."" One flamethrower squad took the lead, in front of the hand-grenade throwers, who did the actual rolling up. The flamethrowers were used only as a last resort, since each one had only ten seconds of oil. After clearing a trench section, the flamethrower shock troops built barricades of steel plate and sandbags. By that time the infantry had arrived, and the trench was theirs. The Pouncing Attack was supposed to take no more than two minutes. So the men trained and trained and trained. Mostly they did long-distance running and weight lifting. The German flamethrower operators were able to run as fast as regular infantry, despite carrying a 70-pound weapon. Most German flamethrower operators were firefighters, so a lot of them were in their forties and fifties. They were the oldest front-line soldiers. But firefighters are incredibly strong, they're used to spraying equipment, and they have no fear of flames. One of my favorite photos. German flamethrower squad. Look at the big guy on the right. He's ASIAN. What do you suppose HIS story was? I think German dad, Chinese mother... "
" Another catastrophe that the ""experts"" predicted has NOT come to pass. Jarablus was occupied by the Islamic State. We were told that there were be a massive battle for the city. Turkey and its Syrian allies would fight the Islamic State, the Kurds and their allies would fight Turkey, and jihadist rebels would fight everybody. None of it happened. The city is rebuilding, and the Kurds aren't agitating for more fighting. See, HERE is the secret: The Kurds DON'T WANT an independent Kurdistan. Kurds are loyal only to political parties. Syrian, Iraqi, Turkish, and Iranian Kurds all belong to different political parties. In an independent Kurdistan, each party would have to give up power. So the future is federations. The Kurds in each country will have more self-rule. But they don't want an independent Kurdistan. They only SAID that. Strategic deception..."
" WHOA! Almost a million followers. When he first started tweeting, this would be the end of his career as an actor. Look around and see all the people who shut and covered up and went along to get along. It's DEEPLY unjust that artists have to pass political litmus tests in order to work. And now we're seeing that the oh-so-holy gatekeepers are literal criminals. I appreciate James Woods's commentary. But. You MUST familiarize yourself with his art. He's never put in a bad performance. In no particular order: Videodrome, Salvador, Cat's Eye, Against All Odds, The Black Marble... But his masterpiece: The Onion Field. That was one of the rare cases in which the movie was actually...not BETTER but much of a gut-punch than the book. I also love Raid on Entebbe, because the true-life story is amazing. Of course there are other films. As I say, he's never put in a bad performance. So it's fine to appreciate him for his patriotism and courage. But he's also an artist whose art must be seen. This weekend, binge-watch James Woods movies. You won't be disappointed... "
" asks a question. I think I can explain. One of the greatest actors who ever lived was William Holden. He was unique. An incredible athlete, devastatingly handsome, and funny as hell. And a titanic alcoholic. Holden bled to death in his apartment at the age of 63. He'd consumed almost two bottles of vodka. He was so drunk that he slipped and hit his head on a bedside table. He tried to staunch the bleeding with paper towels but died. John Belushi was a big fan. He was at a party the night Holden died. Tony Curtis was sitting him. When Belushi told Curtis that Holden had died, Curtis said, ""F*ck him. One less guy I have to compete with."" Then Curtis stood up, jumped over the coffee table, and walked out. Twitter Big Cheese are competitive. I don't have a competitive bone in my body. I like seeing other people writing threads and getting views and followers. I'll tell you a secret: I tried like hell to be a professional writer. Everything I learned was through brute force and study. At the age of 53, my brother Tim began writing poems. He has no training whatsoever in poetry. He's a genius. I tried my hand at poetry. I'm not jealous of my brother. What does his skill have to do with me? But these Twitter Big Cheeses see everything in terms of a hierarchy. Like dogs, they can't determine their place in the scheme of things except by comparing themselves to others. I once interviewed Geezer Butler, the bassist of Black Sabbath. The band had just reunited, so I asked him about radio exposure. He just laughed. ""We're so off the radar screen that things like radio play and chart success are irrelevant,"" he said. ""We just do our own thing."" I'm the same way. I'm a man in a suitcase. I want to be like the man in the suitcase Got to have his elastic face Could I be just like him for one day? The man in the suitcase He ain't like you He ain't like me and you"
" makes a VERY good point. East Germany was exactly the same. The secret police (Stasi) were probably the best in human history. But East Germany fell. HOW? It fell from inside. Security officials such as Markus Wolf simply DELAYED operations and gave bogus orders. Also, security officials told the leaders, ""It's over."" At the end of World War I, Germany entered a civil that lasted from 1918 to 1923. Emperor Wilhelm II was told by his Supreme Commander that the people were rioting. ""Well, use poison gas on them!"" Wilhelm said. ""Use flamethrowers, bombers, and tanks! CALL OUT THE ARMY!"" You know what the Supreme Commander said? ""Sire, WHAT army?"" By that time, the German armed forces had completely fallen apart. There was nobody left to obey Wilhelm's orders, so he abdicated. It's entirely possible--maybe even PROBABLE now--that elements of the Iranian security apparatus will simply delay, confuse, and issue bogus orders. The protesters are now everywhere, in almost every city, and they're ENGAGING the security forces in conversation. There is SOME violence, but the threatened ""iron fist""has yet to materialize. Maybe, just maybe, Iran's Supreme Leader will be told THIS: ""Your excellency, WHAT iron fist?"" Each day that passes makes it more likely..."
" FINALLY another photo. The demented brother gave them one that's thirty years old. What was this guy's job? He owned TWO aircraft. His crazy brother said he was retired. From what? The interview with the brother shows a shallow, materialistic weirdo incapable of expressing normal emotions. The murderer owned a house in Florida, but he sold it and moved in with the Australian-Indonesian woman in a retirement home. The murderer was a hunter, so he had firearms. Spree killers ALWAYS feel inadequate. All the ""experts"" say this guy doesn't fit the profile. Bullshit. Sorry: I got my terminology mixed up. Spree killer = multiple locations, short time. Mass murderer = one location, short time. Mass murderers: Ordinary, NO CRIMINAL RECORD, reclusive, few friends. They harbor grievances. This guy sued Mandalay Bay in 2012, and the case was dismissed ""with prejudice."" Mass murderers ""snap,"" as the guy's weirdo brother inadvertently admitted. The female companion was out of the country. What do you bet she broke up with him, so he took all his guns to Mandalay Bay and made the world pay for his own loserdom? I really hate these bastards. The murder because it makes them feel significant, and then they kill themselves to escape punishment. Well, he found out the hard way that he escaped nothing. Imagine being in his shoes right now, explaining himself. I've been up all night. That's how much this upset me. First I found out that a friend of several years is a terminal drug addict. I surprised myself with a brief storm of tears over him, since he's going to die. And then this. I found the perfect Stephen Crane poem for Democrats. That's the opposition: naked and bestial, eating their own bitter hearts and liking it. Well, that's not me. And it never WILL be..."
" Research the ""fund families."" This site rates the families. When you feel that you have a basic understanding of how the process works... You're ready! I plow my income back into my principle in order to make the whole thing grow. I have minimal expenses. Just bought the house in Vegas; had to submit about 400 pages of financial history. But now it's done. That's my last house. And I'm positive--POSITIVE--that Trump will expand the economy in way we didn't think possible. The ""experts"" are always wrong about him. Like Trump, I believe in YOU. All the YOUs will save the country and make it great again. Guaranteed..."
" reminds me of one of the funniest things I ever read. When Trump tweets, Warren responds. The funny story. Writer Norman Mailer said a lot of very provocative things. On female writers: ""I can only say that the sniffs I get from the ink of the women are always fey, old-hat, Quaintsy Goysy, tiny, too dykily psychotic, crippled, creepish, fashionable, frigid, outer-Baroque, maquillé in mannequin’s whimsy, or else bright and stillborn."" That's easily one of the most devastating insults ever written. ""Maquillé"" is French for ""made up."" As dressed up as a mannequin in in silly, fluttering veils. So Mailer went to Vassar to give a speech. This was the early 1970s. The crowd of women booed and screamed so loudly that he couldn't be heard. Finally Mailer raised his hand until it got quiet enough for him to speak. ""You really hate me, don't you?"" he asked. ""YES!"" the crowd roared. ""Okay,"" Mailer said. ""Repeat after me: 'F*ck you, Norman Mailer.'"" ""F*CK YOU, NORMAN MAILER!"" the crowd roared. Mailer leaned into the microphone and said, ""Thank you, obedient bitches."" Pin-drop silence. Mailer gave his speech uninterrupted. I'm not a fan of Mailer, but THAT was pure genius. The good senator from Massachusetts is sitting in an audience at Vassar in 1972, being manipulated effortlessly..."
" Moore is actually FAR more thoughtful than many of those who disagree with him. He's talking about UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES. For example, Kentucky voluntarily freed most of its slaves WITHOUT ratifying the 13th Amendment until...1976. More than a century later. And THAT is Moore's point. Things can be accomplished without the federal government passing laws that end up making things worse. But this idea is TOO COMPLEX for leftists to grasp. So the end result is the ""religious maniac and throwback"" who is able to comprehend the law on a level that his simpleminded opponents can't. I prize intelligence and unorthodox thinking. Thus I support ."
" THERE WE GO. Finally no leaks. SpaceX launched a classified Pentagon payload. Nobody's talking. Of course this means that ""citizen journalists"" will go insane, but so what? Conspiracy theorists will rave nonstop regardless of what the Pentagon says. So they may as well not say anything. I approve... ADDENDUM: From ""It is up there in orbit, because NORAD gave it a catalog number- 2018-001A 43098 USA 280 (ZUMA). If it fell into the Indian Ocean as claimed it would not be listed."""
" Here's another video that I found. Nobody else noticed it. It's a turboprop gunship with TWO automatic cannons. That's what produces the galloping sound. Not an American aircraft. So who has gunships with two automatic cannons? These guys. See? Two simultaneous hits = two cannons. AND I think I figured out what the Saudis did. This is the M42 Duster. We built 3700 of them. Jordan, Tunisia, Lebanon, and Turkey used them. My guess is the Saudis bought them when the other counties phased them out. And now we have Saudi gunships with twin 40mm cannons..."
" VERY FEW followers, usually fewer than 20. Joined years ago but only started tweeting TODAY or YESTERDAY. Either NO PROFILE or a profile that LAYS IT ON SO THICK that it's like a parody: ""Proud father, Trump support, Christian, MAGA, Build the Wall, Islam is Satan, Democrats are demons, love my guns,"" etc. And all they do is insult. ""Shut up, old man lol"" I look them up. This guy is using a real doctor's name, but he's also running multiple Webpages attacking the doctor. One of those utterly deranged people who walk around freely. That's why his attempt to smile is so effed-up. He's not human anymore... Another one. Looks just like the first one, huh? No longer human. I use them as bait. I block everyone who ""likes"" them..."
" Earlier today, a leftist celebrity member of the Resist Ants movement said I ""talk out of my butt"" about ObamaCare. Here's what ObamaCare did for me: Under ObamaCare, my health insurance doesn't cover optical procedures. I had to buy SEPARATE coverage. The deductible is $15,000. How many of us spend $15,000 a year on eye care? So NOW--even though I have insurance--I pay for everything out of pocket. People worth millions of dollars LOVE ObamaCare, because it makes no difference to THEM. ObamaCare actually SCREWS the average American, as you can see by my bill. But wealthy leftist celebrities get to say that I'm ""talking out of my butt"" by telling the TRUTH about ObamaCare. The Resist Ants movement is based 100 percent on HATE. This is why is resonating with so many people. It's easy to TALK about love, but West is ACTING on it. is facing headwinds that virtually none of us can imagine. And he's doing this for US, not himself. This incredibly wealthy, famous, successful man wants ME to have a better life. Nancy Pelosi would say that $1700 is ""crumbs."" There's something in the world of celebrities called ""portal to portal."" They go from mansion to limousine to private entrance. Then it's back to limousine and back to mansion. I totally understand WHY they live this way. Being famous is risky. But when you live portal to portal, it's hard to remember that the vast majority of us DON'T live that way. I'm seeing people guilt-tripping for his wealth. Well, NO WEALTHY PERSON SHOULD FEEL GUILT. I wouldn't trade places with even BEFORE he began his attempt to free people from group-think. The loss of privacy and the endless parade of predators isn't worth it to me. Every wealthy person is a target. Every wealthy FAMOUS person is a target. So the wealthy should never feel guilty about their wealth. At the same time, the wealthy have no business telling the rest of us that we must submit to a corrupt ideology that screws US but not THEM. The Silicon Valley oligarchs come to mind. Billionaires who have a pathological need to stamp their boots on OUR faces. Wouldn't it be amazing if ends up being the guy who blows up the system that was built to keep ALL OF US in line? is limited by his presidential powers. has NO LIMITATIONS WHATSOEVER. Mr. West, if you blow up the system, nobody will ever again be able to tell me to shut up, take it, and like it when I get screwed. And THAT will make you one of history's pivotal figures..."
" Trump and North Korea. Trump is winning. How do I know? This. The Norks are ASKING FOR HELP. That means they're afraid. In the past, the Norks said, ""Don't mess with us! We're crazy!"" And all US presidents groveled. TRUMP said, ""You guys think what you do is radical? I'LL show you radical."" It's working. The Norks can't predict what'll happen next. So they're asking for help from losers who will say, ""I don't know!"" Trump is doing what I myself learned how to do a long time ago. My teacher was the late David Viscott, a psychiatrist. Viscott said something that I found to be 100 percent true: ""The way people screw you shows you the best way to screw them back."" The Norks have screwed the world since 1953. They yap endlessly about destruction, flames of fury, punishment, etc. Therefore Trump OUT-NORKED the Norks. Nobody's ever done that before. And now, the Norks are at a loss. FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER. Some of you may have seen how I used Viscott's advice. A guy tried to make everyone think I'm crazy. So I said, ""THAT ain't crazy. THIS is crazy."" And it worked! Don't bring an average IQ to a battle of wits. Ignore everything you're reading about how Trump is ""escalating tensions"" with North Korea. THE NORKS ARE AFRAID. We want them to worry about their actions. The Norks have NEVER been made to pay for their crimes. THAT'S why they built missiles and then nuclear weapons. Nobody has EVER stood up to them. We were headed for North Korea USING a nuclear weapon and then saying, ""We'll use MORE unless you pay us off!"" NOW the Norks are afraid. ""What's going to happen?"" they're asking Republicans. You know what the Norks are ACTUALLY asking? ""WHAT SHOULD WE DO?"" And guess what they're getting as an answer? ""I DON'T KNOW! I CAN'T PREDICT TRUMP!"" Trump has made it absolutely clear that in the case of war, we're targeting the leadership's palaces. It's a new world. ""Kinetic bombardment."" I'm positive that this is a video of kinetic bombardment. So don't lose any sleep. Trump knows what he's doing. And it's about time that a US president DID know what he's doing..."
" Today Asia Argento accuses Harvey Weinstein of raping her. I don't know anything about her except that she's dating maniacal, verminous leftist Anthony Bourdain. Bourdain is a celebrity chef who became a loudspeaker for leftist fascism. He's a multimillionaire who regularly embarrasses himself. Bourdain once told a Brazilian slum dweller that he'd love to live there for the food. The look she gave him was priceless. He was also the victim of an obvious prank by South African Bushmen. Rich white people love to visit the Bushmen. The rules of Bushmen society require that they accept all visitors. Bourdain is such a pompous, condescending turd that the Bushmen fixed his wagon. They said they'd prepare a special meal for him. The caught a wild boar and ""cooked"" it underground with hot rocks. As it it was cooking, the broke an ostrich egg on the hot sand. Bourdain had to eat an egg full of sand, and then he had to eat a half-raw boar. They told him that the intestines were a special delicacy, so he he ate them, discovering that they were full of...fecal matter. None of the Bushmen joined Bourdain in the meal, and the South African guide was laughing so hard he was crying. Bourdain said it was the worst thing he'd eaten in his entire life. It was so clear that the Bushmen did it deliberately. As for Asia Argento, she should've been a massive star. She's in one of the best films ever made, ""Transylvania."" She goes to Transylvania to meet her boyfriend, who abandons her for no reason. Instead of leaving, she goes deeper into the country. She meets a sinister con man who should be the worst news of her life. But he isn't. It's a stunning film about how bad people can stop being bad and can choose to be good, no matter how hard it is. It's also about how improvement can happen without everyone having to endlessly announce it. Stealth improvement. Argento says that the Weinstein rape happened in 1997. That was when her career took a downturn. She began having herself heavily tattooed, and she got breast implants. She sabotaged her career. Her father Sergio specialized in horror movies that show unimaginable violence against women. Hollywood eats its young. But ""Transylvania"" is a timeless piece of art. It stays with you. No other movie like it..."
" Here's how I look at this: You couldn't pay me ANY AMOUNT OF MONEY to do what Assange has done. Why not? Because he has absolutely no way of knowing what's real and what isn't. There's literally no way he can vet the people who contact him. Nobody went after him before because the US has been in a funk of apathy and corruption. Those days are over. Michael Flynn hired people WHO HAVE NEVER BEEN PHOTOGRAPHED. There are LOTS of people like that. My guess is that Assange is one of the most-photographed people in history. Did you ever see the movie ""The Devil's Advocate""? Satan says, ""Vanity is DEFINITELY my favorite sin."" Assange is pathologically vain. He's up against people who basically have no egos. THEY'VE NEVER BEEN PHOTOGRAPHED. Assange got spoiled. His opponents weren't at the best, due to their lousy leadership. NOW everybody is firing on all cylinders. The proof? No crippling intelligence leaks on the Trump administration. My guess is that Assange is in a world of hurt. It had to happen someday..."
" The Saudis use bombs filled with cement. They're called the ""BDU-56."" They don't explode. This is the BDU-56. They put the JDAM (joint direct attack munition) guidance system on it, making it a ""smart bomb."" The nose is hardened for penetration. We have PROOF that the Saudis use inert munitions. Those two perfectly round holes are the signature of the BDU-56. This building was BROKEN apart. The structures on either side are NOT EVEN SCRATCHED. The Saudi-led air campaign is the most careful such operation ever carried out. We can see that for ourselves, with our own eyes..."
" AHA! The answer is ""YES."" ""A major commander of Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) announced that special patrols of IRGC’s Basij forces have been dispatched to enhance the security across the country."" The IRGC is the ""guardian of the Islamic revolution."" They protect all institutions that impose the current religious laws in Iran. The Basij is a paramilitary force. Consider them armed religious police. Both the IRGC and the Basij were sent to fight in Syria. They were slaughtered. Why? Because the IRGC and the Basij do nothing except OPPRESS UNARMED CIVILIANS. They aren't trained to fight wars against skilled soldiers. Now, I wondered how in the world the Iranians would free themselves from the mullahs without an ocean of blood being spilled. The IRGC and the Basij are both RELIGIOUS organizations. So what happens if the following set of circumstances are realized? One, it's proven to the IRGC and the Basij that the mullahs are a corrupt mafia who break every religious stricture in the book. Two, it's proven to the IRGC and the Basij that Shia Islam will not be threatened in any way. Three, it's proven to the IRGC and the Basij that if they stop threatening their neighbors, massive investment in Iran will follow. In June of 2014, the Iraqi army collapsed. About 30,000 men ran from 850 Islamic State terrorists. On June 15, 2014, the Popular Mobilization Units (Al-Hashd Al-Sha'abi) were formed. Militias. Nearly all were Shia, and many took their orders from Iran. What happened? They eventually pledged their support to the Iraqi government, and most are voluntarily disarming. The same thing can happen in Iran. You bet. HOW can it happen? If the Iranians themselves are seen as toppling the corrupt mafia of the mullahs in the name of justice, that's the end of the regional power struggle. Face is saved, the nuclear threat is quietly removed, Iran is rebuilt... And everybody stops fighting for a period. THEN. When enough time has gone by, everyone recognizes Israel. THEN. Everyone normalizes relations with Israel and declares a state of peace. All you need are ENOUGH PEOPLE to go along. The Beta Test for all of this was the Camp Speicher Massacre. On June 12, 2014, the Islamic State murdered nearly 1600 Shia Iraqi air force cadets. You may have seen the footage of the men lying on the ground being machine gunned. The massacre happened in the Sunni city of Tikrit. Residents of Tikrit took part. Fast forward to March 2, 2015. About 30,000 Iraqi troops--mostly Shia militia--surrounded Tikrit and then assaulted the city, where about 13,000 Islamic State terrorists were holed up. The fighting lasted until April 17, 2015. AFTER the liberation, it was revealed that SOMEONE went into the city and met with the leaders and tribal elders. The residents of the city who took part in the Camp Speicher Massacre were handed over to the government. The city leaders issued a statement taking responsibility for the massacre and apologizing. And the Iraqi government provided pensions to the families of the murdered. A sectarian bloodbath was averted. This was one of the most ghastly atrocities that the Islamic State committed. It was a rallying cry for the Iranians who led the militias. But SOMEONE was able to talk the Shia militias out of committing a counter-atrocity. It wasn't us. So be optimistic. Iran will be freed, and the Middle East will settle down. All will be well..."
" The Washington Post shows how easy it is for the Gulf Cooperation Council to carry out operations. ""The Trump administration, meanwhile, is doing its best to ignore the new bloodshed."" That's always funny, coming from leftists. Would the Post support American military intervention? No. The Post wants words. If Trump condemns in the strongest possible terms, the Post will be happy. ""By declining to challenge or even protest this brutal strategy, the Trump administration reveals its weakness."" The Washington Post refuses to recognize that there are other players involved. The Russians just lost AT LEAST seven fixed-wing aircraft and one helicopter gunship in ONE DAY. The Russians are now LYING about their losses. ""The mortar shelling of the Hemeimeem air base killed two Russian servicemen on New Year's eve, according to the Defense Ministry. It said that warplanes weren't hit."" Photos were leaked. Now we have the TURKS lying. These are clowns with Turkish mine resistant ambush protected (MRAP) vehicles. At the very end, someone starts firing an automatic cannon horizontally (left), and the men all have to take cover from it. Their own idiot almost killed them. RIGHT NOW, there is NO genuine combat footage coming out of Syria from ANY side. It's ALL propaganda. This is actually a good thing. It means that EVERYBODY is being blown to pieces whenever they try to launch actual combat operations. In the sixties, they said, ""What it they gave a war, and nobody came?"" Well, what it they gave a war, and nobody was allowed to actually fight? What if they were allowed to playact but not actually DO the things they're claiming they're doing? This is the Syrian Arab Army Fifth Corps, assembled and led by the Russians. Look at these guys. They're all in their fifties to seventies. Now the Turkish-backed ""rebels"" put out the cheesiest air-raid video ever created. Intrepid reporter Tahir Abu Umar refuses to take cover as 500-pound bombs fall all around him. That's all computer-generated imagery (CGI) and pyrotechnics. This ""bomb"" would've killed the cameraman. Those are four consecutive frames. It's a combination of CGI and pyrotechnics. The Washington Post is living in the past. It's too sclerotic to accept the NEW world. Syria is under control. Our Arab allies are taking care of business THEIR way. That's why we're not saying things PUBLICLY. The ""shithole"" kerfuffle distracted from something. I'm pretty sure it was Iran. As I knew, Trump didn't say that about Haiti. Isn't it...CREEPY when entire news organizations are led around like children, while hobbyists like me can see the truth? What a strange era..."
" It LOOKS like a signals jammer, but there's no record of a farm attack on December 17, 2015. Farm attacks are recorded in detail. Also, those men don't look black to me. I can't tell you what the image shows..."
" I'm watching a whole bunch of ""experts"" on Twitter argue about what'll happen if Trump pulls us out of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) that the Obama administration concluded with Iran. Not one of them knows what the hell he's talking about. It's shocking how moronic and superficial their analyses are. I guess I should be happy in ONE sense: Nobody seems to know that the mullahs are doomed. They're all jabbering about war and an isolated US and Russian dismissing Israel's presentation on Iran's nuclear-weapons program. These people are blockheads. I still can't get over that NOBODY has asked how the hell the Mossad got 1000 pounds of paper and CDs out of the vaults in Iran's most closely guarded building. This tells you that these people are ossified. Nothing new ever penetrates. They all live by narratives. The defining trait of my personality is the need to ask questions. It got me in trouble as a child. I spent one day with masking tape over my mouth because I wouldn't stop asking questions. An interesting thing happened: After fifty years of asking questions, I began finding all the answers. Now I can simply LOOK at something and know what's happening. Putin had his ass handed to him in Syria. The survivors of the Russian assault battalion that we annihilated said, ""They knew we were coming."" That unit suffered 100 percent casualties. The REASON we annihilated that assault battalion was to send a message to the Iranian armed forces and the members of the security forces who have defected. This is the message we sent: ""If you ask for help, we will give it to you."" The Middle East has NEVER FORGOTTEN the fact that we hung the Iraqis out to dry in 1991. We told them, ""Rise up!"" They thought we would help them. GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? We helped Saddam put down the uprisings instead. Saddam killed 180,000. That was the end of Middle Easterners trusting us. Putin thinks he's being cute by using ""mercenaries"" in Syria. They're actually Russian army. So a Judas goat told the Russians to attack our troops. ""They won't fight,"" the Judas goat said. The Russians had no air power that day. Why not? Because the Judas goat said, ""You won't need air power. Trump is in love with Vlad. Go for the oil fields. Trump will tell his men to stand down."" In 1979, when the Iranians took over the US embassy, Jimmy Carter told the US Marine IN THE EMBASSY to stand down. So it was easy for the Judas goat to convince the Russians that they could walk right in, and our troops would simply retreated. Instead, the Russian assault battalion was hit with fixed-wing fighters, helicopter gunships, AC-130 gunships, and B-52 strategic bombers. The air strikes were guided by Arab commandos on the ground. Trump was sending a message to the Iranians. ""We're not afraid of Russia. Check it out: We tricked them into attacking us, and them we beat them as small as the dust of the earth."" You won't see a single ""expert"" tell you this. They all have their heads up their butts for one reason. And I NEVER use this word: Racism. Don't get me wrong: Iranians and Arabs don't give a damn about racism. But western ""analysts"" will NEVER accept that the Arabs have surpassed us. I'm as patriotic as you can get. But when I think of what the Arabs are accomplishing, I feel pride. Damn, I'm proud of them. It's a pride that goes beyond nationalism. The JCPOA no longer matters. Don't be surprised if Trump stays in it. The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps delivered Iran's nuclear secrets into ISRAEL'S hands. That's it. Game over. The mullahs are naked. But we have to work with the Iranians to create the perfect solution for what happens next. Lots of Iranians now hate Islam so much that they want it banned. Huge mistake. The Saudi approach is best: Don't force your views on anyone. But I have total trust in the skills of Middle Easterners to work all of this out. The US and Russia are not in the drivers' seats. I don't know why this is so hard for people to accept. They're all going to be shocked. And I'll just be laughing. I'll go to Tehran, Riyadh, and Jerusalem. And I'll come back weighing 700 pounds... ADDENDUM: Never forget THIS, the proof that a plan is in place. When the Iranian armed forces and security forces ask for help, they will get it. We have to WAIT until they tell us, ""Okay, NOW."" The Iranians and their secret allies know what they're doing..."
" This shows me that the Nunes FISA memo is strategic distraction. Here's what was said earlier. And THIS was said. These reports all contradict each other. THAT means that Nunes's memo is NOT the real story. The memo was written by Republicans. AND it's a summary. So it has no real weight. Why all the hype? To distract. What are they distracting from? This. ""Due to the status of the Special Counsel’s investigation, the parties do not believe that this matter is ready to be scheduled for a sentencing hearing at this time."" ""The parties shall file a joint status report by no later than May 1, 2018, stating whether the matter should be scheduled for sentencing or whether a deadline should be set for filing another joint status report.” Mueller is saying in plain English that sentencing Flynn would not be the right thing to do, EVEN THOUGH FLYNN PLEADED GUILTY. Come ON, people: What does that tell you? How was Flynn snared? FISA warrants. Ask any lawyer: What's one reason a judge nullifies a conviction? Because he or she finds that the evidence was gathered improperly. The judge who accepted Flynn's plea abruptly recused himself. Pretty much unprecedented. Nunes's memo is being called a partisan hit job. The Democrats have multiple arguments lined up to discredit it. What CAN'T they discredit? Robert Mueller's investigation. Trump is working overtime to make everyone think he's on the verge of firing Mueller. Dopey bloggers are shouting, ""WITCH HUNT! DIRTY COP!"" Nobody can see what's right in front of their frigging eyes: MULLER has found evidence of FISA abuse. Nunes is a politician. Muller is THE LAW. We can all thank Michael Flynn for this. He knew he was being recorded when he spoke to the Russian ambassador, and he deliberately gave untrue statements to Strzok! during a voluntary interview. Flynn had to be CHARGED in order to expose the corruption of the FISA system. Nunes's memo was never going to get the job done, because it doesn't have the weight of law. During the discovery process, Flynn's lawyer's got the evidence they needed: The PROPER way that FISA warrants are obtained. Obviously somebody has evidence that the process was abused. THAT'S the real story. The ""dirty cop"" Mueller has evidence of FISA abuse and illegal spying, and he's going to expose it. AND nobody will be able to discredit him. I may be the only person who believed THIS at the time. Trump led everyone around by the nose, because he knew that Muller ISN'T a dirty cop, and Trump had done nothing wrong. All the talk of firing Mueller was a smokescreen. Mueller has the goods, and he's going to expose them. And THAT is what Nunes's memo is distracting from. The Justice Department has evidence of FISA abuse. THAT is not a four-page memo written by a Republican congressman... ADDENDUM: I can say all this because I have no contacts. No insider information. I said earlier that I would NEVER get involved in this personally. EVERYONE is being fed poo-poo, because the Big Picture demands it. The REAL patriots have no loyalty except to the country. So they will mercilessly USE reporters and pundits of ALL political stripes. Michael Flynn is a Democrat. So is John Kelly. They care only about the country, so they're going to feed poo-poo to EVERYONE, with no hard feelings. I would NEVER expect these Big Dogs to be honest with me. That would be suicidal. They're in this for the COUNTRY. So they'll tell me OUTRAGEOUS lies without worrying about me making a fool of myself repeating them. And that's as it should be. They are guarding the country, NOT Fox News or the National Review. Buyer beware. Trust your inside sources at your own risk..."
" Check this out: We imposed sanctions on Russia on December 29, 2016. Flynn and Kislyak spoke five times that day. When I try to translate Russian-language articles from December 29, 2016, this is what Google gives me. So far it's 100 percent. But. Everything was working fine for an hour. When I entered ""American sanctions December 29 2016"" in Russian (Американские санкции 29 декабря 2016 года), the translation feature stopped working. "
" A few minutes ago, I accused President Obama of stealing and wearing my grandmother's dentures. Here's my evidence: a photo I myself took in 1981. This photo will not be provided to the press for forensic analysis. Why would anyone not think this is a genuine photo? After I made my accusation, FIVE MORE ACCUSERS came forward. None of us know each other. It was common knowledge that president Obama stole and wore the dentures of elderly people. The reason this accusation was never made until five minutes ago is that nobody ever asked us. Nobody asked us NOW either. But we all came forward together because SHUT UP. Six people have now accused President Obama of stealing and wearing the dentures of elderly people, yet the Democrats still stand by him. The Democratic party is now the party of denture stealing and illicit wearing. That's just a fact. It doesn't matter if the president DENIES stealing and wearing the dentures of elderly people. Defending against these accusations is despicable. So enjoy being the party of denture stealing and illicit wearing, Democrats. WE say you are, so YOU ARE. ADDENDUM: Another accuser points out that President Obama was banned from dental practices all over the country. There's no record of this, but it's true. EVERYBODY knew it. I've confirmed it by interviewing all Americans. ADDENDUM TWO: I accuse President Obama of being an odontophile. It doesn't matter that I'm using the term ""odontophile"" incorrectly. Because I SAY that the Democrats are the party of odontophilia, that makes it true. In reality, President Obama would be a ""pseudodontophile."" The Democrats are the party of pseudodontophilia. But since very few people have heard the term ""pseudodontophilia,"" I'm allowed to accuse the former president of odontophilia instead. In fact, I MYSELF COINED the term pseudodontophilia. Just now, as we speak. So what? I'm an accuser. YOU ARE REQUIRED TO BELIEVE ME. Let's recap: I invented the word ""pseudodontophilia."" You must accept that the former president is a pseudodontophile. BUT since the word ""pseudodontophile"" is not widely known--after all, I just invented it less than five minutes ago--you must ALSO accept that the former president is an odontophile. I am accusing him of all these things. ALL ACCUSATIONS ARE FACTS, even when you make them up. The Democrats are the party of pseudodontophilia, a word that does not exist. AND. The Democrats are the party of odontophilia, even though I'm misusing the term, and there's no evidence whatsoever for my accusation. DEAL WITH IT. ADDENDUM THREE: This heartbreaking video statement speaks for itself. ADDENDUM FOUR: found a signed copy of my photo. There's only one copy of the photo, and I'm holding it in my hand at this second, but OBVIOUSLY is telling the truth. So I must believe. And I do. I'm being told that everybody knew that even though the single copy of the photo never left my possession, has a signed copy. Okay. I believe everybody. Who am I to claim that there's only one copy of the photo that I myself took and never showed anybody until today? I misspoke. ADDENDUM FIVE: Breaking news! An eighth accuser has provided me with evidence that President Obama did indeed steal and wear the dentures of the elderly. Again, this was common knowledge across the entire country. The president was so obsessed with dentures that he tried to make every American citizen wear them. The only question remaining is when will the president drop out? Analysts say that they can't see how he can continue being a former president. The tidal wave of accusations leaves no doubt that President Obama is doing more damage to the Democrats than the Democrats are doing to the Democrats. Calls for for President Obama to become a Republican are increasing. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is said to be in talks with the former president. ADDENDUM SIX: broke the case. His diligence and unbiased, unflinching search for the truth serves as a model for all journalists. But I want to say one thing to the American people. I want you to listen to me. I'm going to say this again: I did NOT egg on that man BrianM. I never told anybody to lie, not a single time, never. These allegations are FALSE, and I need to go back to work for the American people. What's for dinner?"
" I wish I read Farsi. ""Put this video on the Instagram page of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, but put in people instead of the word ""rule"". ""The same mask shows how afraid people are of revenge."" What they're saying is that the IRGC wears masks because it's afraid of the people's revenge, and the man in the video has to wear a mask due to revenge by the IRGC. It's very possible that the man in the video is a REAL member of the IRGC. The mullahs will be toppled by Iranians. Iranian internal security forces will help. There are two hurdles to overcome: One, the security forces must be assured that they won't all be murdered in revenge. The second hurdle is the fear that outside forces will come in and impose a foreign-based order on Iranians. It's clear to me that both of these hurdles have been overcome. The Iranians have already determined the timetable. Nobody knows better how to carry this off than Iranians. So even though outsiders will HELP, the actual heavy lifting will be done by Iranians. And then they themselves will choose their own form of government. As soon as the mullahs are gone, stability will begin returning immediately to the region. With stability comes opportunity, and with opportunity comes happiness. We've seen a massive uptick in desperate actions by the mullahs' lackeys, so my guess is that regime change has already begun..."
" ALL RIGHT! It's true! ""And at the end of a long and exhausting day (and story), that means Pentagon money can be used to construct a border wall."" That article is from JULY 19, 2017. Nobody caught on. So... ""President Trump said Friday that construction of his promised border wall would start 'immediately' after signing the omnibus spending bill, which included $1.6 billion in funding for the wall."" ""'We're going to be starting work literally on Monday,' Trump said during an event Friday at the White House. 'We have a lot of money coming to the border.'"" Oh, you sly , you! We sure DO have a lot of money coming to the border, don't we? It just won't come all at once. Ha. Time for The Photo... "
" shows us the leftist playbook. Some of the survivors of the school mass shooting in Florida have immediately become political activists. But they're the worst kind of political activist: They don't condemn that actual MURDERER but instead use the deaths of their schoolmates to score political points. Already today two people have told me that I can't criticize them because they're victims. Actually, since they're DISHONEST and VICIOUS political activists exploiting their own victimhood, I get to criticize them. We all do. Remember Cindy Sheehan? Maureen O'Dowd said that Sheehan had ""absolute moral authority."" This was a cheap, transparent attempt to shield Sheehan from herself. Sheehan's hero was the brutal Venezuelan dictator Hugo Chavez. Chavez actually flew her down to meet him. All leftist activists who begin their careers based on their sanctified victimhood ALWAYS use that victimhood to try and silence their opposition. You are under no obligation to refrain from criticizing ANY leftist activist, regardless of their personal circumstances. If they're being dishonest, it doesn't matter what their background is. Cindy Sheehan REFUSED a headstone from her son and then LIED and said it wasn't offered. Then she posed lying on the grave wearing black leotards. Sheehan LITERALLY stood on the dead to score political points. Our newest anti-Trump activists are doing the same. Nobody forced them to become activists. When you put yourself out there, and you do so in as dishonest and belligerent a way as possible, you can be criticized. If you can't stand the heat, stay out of the kitchen... ADDENDUM: When exposed, simply does more of the same, thus proving my point. I'm more disgusting than he thought a human could be. Opposing Sam is WORSE than the Islamic State, Burmese mass rape, Nazi and North Korean death camps, the Khmer Rouge, the Chinese burning dogs alive with blowtorches, etc. And Sam is also LYING. Keep it up, Yosemite Sam! Every piece of profanity you hurl at your computer screen creates 1000 new Trump voters... "
" Dear Europeans: When seconds count, the police are only minutes away. Plumber Stephen Willeford lives across the street from the church. He has no military training. Willeford's daughter told him that the mass shooting was happening. Willeford grabbed a rifle and ran across the street. At the church, Willeford shot the murderer on a part of his body not covered by armor. The murderer dropped his weapon and fled. Willeford then flagged down Johnnie Langendorff. Willeford told Langendorff, ""That guy just shot up the church. We've got to get him."" Langendorff said, ""Let's go."" They pursued the murderer at high speeds. Langendorff was on the phone with the police the whole time. The murderer called his father and said he'd been shot and didn't expect to live. Then the murderer drove off the road and stopped. Willeford got out and covered the vehicle until the police arrived. Europeans will say, ""If the murderer hadn't had a gun, Willeford would not have had to intervene."" Tell that to the Chinese. Tell it to the French. What if Stephen Willeford had been at the Chinese train station or the boardwalk at Nice? It's now clear that EVERY SINGLE PERSON decrying mass shootings in the US is doing so in bad faith. Not one of you are sincere. To you, this is about politics. To me, it's about human lives. Stephen Willeford's neighbor calls him a ""good union plumber."" My guess is he's a DEMOCRAT. Good for him. If he IS a Democrat, he didn't stop for even a FRACTION OF A SECOND to think about politics. He's a great man. We need more like him. ADDENDUM: He's got Democrat glasses! As I said, a great man. We can all learn from him. "
" proves what I've been saying: Conspiracy theorists don't care about human life. Skip everything except the last sentence. The reason I have PTSD is because I survived things that would kill this little gladiola. But. He uses that to taunt me. So he doesn't care about human life ON ANY LEVEL. He doesn't care about the victims in Las Vegas, he doesn't care about the people I saw murdered, and he doesn't care about people with PTSD. All he cares about is forcing people to submit to his viewpoint. This is fascism. Conspiracy theorists are fascists. This guy showed his true colors when I called him out. They respond with HATE. But they're exposing dastardly conspiracy theories out of their love of truth and their concern for their fellow citizen? No. It's a power play. A cheap, rinky-dink, everyday power play. Rule of thumb: If people HATE YOU for disagreeing, they're insane. I'm tired of insane people. There's no shortage of them. Give me people who don't fill their diapers when you challenge them... ADDENDUM: adds a great point. This is the caliber of rifle that the mass murderer used in Las Vegas. YouTube is full of videos of men firing 5.56mm (.223 caliber) rifles fully automatic with one hand. The Las Vegas mass murderer was an adult man. Seven-year-old firing the 5.56mm. When you get all your information from movies and video games, you are what's called an IDIOT..."
" Guess who? Mike Myers, in his return to cinema. The film is ""Terminal,"" and it's terminal. Reviews are absolutely brutal: a slasher-thriller that tries to be feminist. The reviewer whose piece I read couldn't understand what had happened to Mike Myers. Well, he's a notorious prick who destroyed his career with his prickation. Myers lives a defecacentric life. Everything revolves around the toilet. Combine his toilet obsession with his outrageous prickery, and you get a failed career. I never like Myers. I saw the Austin Powers with Liz Hurley, but it was agony. I wanted to grab him by his neck and squeeze until he gobbled like a turkey, to paraphrase Joseph Wambaugh. Film is my favorite art form, so expect a lot when I watch. Everything Myers did is disposable. Think about that. A giant career that left nothing of value. I was thinking about this when I read poor, crazy Andrew Sullivan's description of the movie ""First Reformed."" I can't even finish the trailer. A ""polemic"" is an aggressive attack on an opposing viewpoint. I don't watch polemics. They're for immature pricks. I wrote a novel that I describe as a ""black comedy about love and suicide in contemporary wartime America."" In order to make the plot stronger, I made one of the female love interests a devout Southern Baptist. So what I had to do was to create a convincing character and defend her beliefs, even though I don't share them. The character had to be REAL, which means that she had to be convincing to real Southern Baptists. There couldn't be even a HINT of disagreement with her beliefs, because that would make the book a position paper. The story revolves around a moral issue. I wanted the READER to decide for him or herself what to do. The religion of the character made the issue far more difficult, which was my goal. The guy who edited the novel wanted me to insert clues that I didn't agree with the Southern Baptist. I didn't. He was disappointed, because he's a big leftist. He accidentally sent me a very insulting e-mail. It didn't matter to me. He was a temporary employee. In the end, none of it mattered, because my parents got sick and died, and my publicist was a fraud who killed my books and cleaned me out. I stopped trying to be a novelist. I stopped at a good time. Leftist women took over the publishing industry, and they demanded that all fiction be polemical. That's why the publishing industry is dying. It's producing nothing but crap. They call it ""chick-lit."" Books by women about women. Leftist garbage. Each new star has one book in her. Then she flops. There was a failed novelist who immediately began telling male writers how they would be ALLOWED to portray women. All I could think of was, ""Thank God I'm not in that world anymore."" I would've liked to have seen my novel made into a movie. A sympathetic, attractive female lead character who's a devout Southern Baptist, and there's no snickering or sneering. Hollywood couldn't do it. Any director who made the movie faithful to the novel would be run out town on a rail. All the angry leftist harpies on social media would start campaigns and go on TV to whine. I'd love to watch it happen. You know what would be a mind-blower? If they made a war movie about Gulf Cooperation Council strategic commandos. The possibilities are incredible. I think the June 16, 2016, Battle of Martyr Mustafa al-Athari Bridge in Fallujah would make a great movie. See, there's advanced technology there that is completely unknown. See? What the hell is it? It has to be manned, because FUN. Wouldn't you pay to see a movie of brave men fighting their way out of an ambush with the help of soldiers from who knows where, using massively advanced technology in plain sight? I'd be the technical adviser. I'll show you guys how to make the best movie of the past fifty years. It'll blow everybody's socks off... ADDENDUM: I just realized how the movie about the Battle of Martyr Mustafa al-Athari Bridge could be made. Hire all Middle Eastern actors who can speak American English. The movie ""Black Hawk Down"" was mostly Brits and Australians. So hire Americans, Brits, Australians, Canadians, Saudis, Iraqis, etc.--who can all speak American English. Iraqi Arabic will be portrayed by American English, and then all the other Arabic will be English with different accents. So, a full Middle Eastern cast. Let's do it...!"
" I get a lot of messages like this. To recap: In May of 2015, I read a report that 50 (fifty) Arab special operators were landed in Little Aden and Crater, Yemen. They held off about 40,000 Iran-backed Houthis for two months. Unlike they Spartans at Thermopylae, they took no casualties. They report said they used rocket, resupplied by Saudi GPS-guided parachute drops. Then this happened. Those are actually Emirati vehicles. Also 1000 mine resistant ambush protected (MRAP) vehicles appeared. The MRAPs were mostly American Oshkosh M-ATVs. But WE didn't sell them to the Yemenis. There were also hundreds of self-propelled artillery pieces. This was the largest amphibious landing in the history of the Middle East, but it was carried out in total secrecy. THEN I read that thousands of Muslim special forces were going to Saudi Arabia to ""guard holy places."" Clearly you don't use special forces to GUARD places. But the fighting in Yemen was weird: The Saudis were NOT TRYING TO DEFEAT the Houthis. It was a ""holding action."" Holding for what, though? In October of 2015, the Iraqis--without any visible change whatsoever--suddenly began winning every battle. In November of 2015, a new group--the Syrian Democratic Forces--popped up and began winning every battle. This is supposed to be a Syrian Kurdish rebel, December of 2015. Come on. Everything about him screams ""PROFESSIONAL!"" So I came to a stunning realization: The Yemen war was the mother of all deception-distraction operations. THAT was why the Saudis never defended themselves. I looked at the battle damage. Most carefully fought war I've ever seen. These holes mean that the Saudis used inert bombs filled with concrete. But the Saudis WANT people focused on Yemen, because they sent THOUSANDS of special forces into Syria and Iraq. If the Saudis are fighting secretly, that means they don't want credit. And if they don't want credit, that means they don't want domination. So I began predicting a Stealth Reformation in Islam. They're actually MUCH FURTHER ALONG than I ever imagined. Westerners want big mea culpa speeches. You won't get that. The Reformation is simply redefining terms. ""The recommendation opened up new horizons regards solving the problem of unemployment among women..."" ""Guaranteeing the right of women to have a flexible and safe working environment, as permitted by Shariah."" Well, Islamic Law virtually forbids women from working. So the Saudis demolished this roadblock brilliantly: They REDEFINED the concept of Islamic Law to GUARANTEE WOMEN the right to have a safe working environment. So we went OVERNIGHT from ""not allowed to work"" to ""guaranteed a safe work environment, according to Islamic law."" If a safe working environment is part of Islamic law, it MUST BE PROVIDED. Westerners wanted Muslims to JUNK their religion. Instead, Muslims are REDEFINING entire concepts. For years, it was said that the main ""problem"" with Islam is that there aren't centralized authorities. Other religions have the Vatican, the Ramakrishna Order, or the Japanese imperial family, for example. Well, the very thing that non-Muslims said would PREVENT a Reformation is actually making it EASIER. There's no absolute authority! No pope. Who's going to oppose the Reformation? So the Reformation continues, and the Middle East will become free. As the Saudi say, ""We nee more democracy in this place."" Prediction: Saudi Arabia becomes a constitutional monarchy within the next few years. I have no doubt."
" What do all SANE Americans hate? Injustice. Putting the blame on those who don't deserve it. This is a catastrophic misstep for the Democrats. I got that from . Read about the unbelievable mess that Carrey has made of his life. Carrey--like so many other leftists--latches onto politics in order to put up a false front of morality. Like ALL leftists, Carrey doesn't actually give a damn about dead students. This is purely about scoring political points. But. They're falling into Trump's trap. He's making them overreach again. How? By not getting defensive. By letting leftists think they have a winning hand. SANE Americans know that the president is not to blame for the latest school shooting. SANE Americans are DISGUSTED with this orgy of ghoulishness. Leftists have nothing to offer except negativity, high taxes, weakness, corruption, elitism, and ghoulishness. Blue collar DEMOCRATS elected President Trump and will reelect him. If we're all smart, we'll give Trump more Republicans in Congress so that the agenda of perpetual recession and open borders will finally be defeated. Leftists have become toxic. Since they live in echo chambers, they don't understand how they come across to SANE Americans. Jim Carrey was brilliant in ""Doing Time on Maple Drive."" Then he got cold feet and played to the lowest common denominator for rest of his career. This happens to leftist entertainers A LOT. They can't stand REAL emotions. To substitute for anything genuine, they become cartoon political activists. All their peers congratulate them. And then they all get drunk and fool around with each other's spouses. Leftism has become an entirely symbolic and rhetorical ideology. It has NOTHING to offer in concrete terms. In Iran, the cops attacked the Sufi Dervishes. And now the country is rallying behind the Dervishes. That hasn't happened before. The mullahs miscalculated. Iranians who are NOT Sufi Dervishes came to the defense of the Dervishes. Some cops got run over. The mullahs united the opposition. Attacks on Sufi Dervishes are NOW seen as attacks on ALL Iranians. The Democrats--like the Iranian mullahs--are miscalculating. Blaming everything on Trump is not acceptable to SANE Americans. An Iranian woman lip-synchs Supreme Leader Khamenei's promises. The electoral fate of the Democrats. SANE Americans will rise up in November and show the Democrats that ghoulishness and hate don't win elections..."
" Well, turns out confessed everything, so there's no need to speculate. ""The White House consciously created an 'echo chamber' of experts and commentators to shape the public's perception of the Iran deal."" ""'We created an echo chamber,"" Rhodes told The Times' David Samuels. ""They were saying things that validated what we had given them to say ... We had test drives to know who was going to be able to carry our message effectively. So we knew the tactics that worked.'"" ""As many foreign-policy experts have noted, Obama began negotiating with Iran at least a year before Hassan Rouhani, Iran's new 'moderate' president, defeated Iran's hardliners in a landslide 2013 election."" ""Still, Samuels wrote, 'The idea that there was a new reality in Iran was politically useful to the Obama administration.'"" Rhodes is admitting that Obama was hellbent on giving Iran the nuclear regardless. Obama simply LIED when he said it was due to Iran's new ""moderate"" leader. ""The administration 'is not betting on' Iran's moderates being real reformers."" See? Iran gets the nuclear deal no matter what. ""'I would prefer that it turns out that Rouhani and [foreign minister] Zarif are real reformers who are going to be steering this country into the direction that I believe it can go in, because their public is educated and, in some respects, pro-American,"" he told Samuels."" ""'But we are not betting on that.'"" Here's how unfathomably stupid Rhodes is: He thinks IRANIANS anti-American, and the LEADERS will change their minds. Rhodes was called ""Obama's foreign-policy guru."" And Rhodes has no factual knowledge about Iran. What can you even say? ""Former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta is not sure Obama is still 'serious' about preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon."" ""Part of Panetta's job in holding up the nuclear deal was to assure Israel that Obama would not allow Iran to develop an atomic weapon. 'Would I make that same assessment now? Probably not,' he tells Samuels."" Rhodes thinks that Iran's LEADERS will change the minds of the hostile population, but then he accuses OTHERS of knowing nothing. Obama and Rhodes are typical of the people you see on Twitter. They formulate an opinion based on nothing but their own towering greatness. An Iranian man contacted me to learn the fate of my Great-uncle Curtis Yarnell Kimball and his wife Marian. Curtis served in Iran from 1950 to 1953. ""Mahmoud"" is the grandson of Curtis and Marian's closest friend in Iran. The friend is still alive. So I gave ""Mahmoud"" all the details and sent him photos and other items. ""God bless you, and thank you for helping us from so far away,"" he wrote from Tehran. ""God bless you and your grandfather,"" I wriote back. I have nothing against the Iranian--or Persian--PEOPLE. I want them to be free. Think about this: Obama's foreign-policy guru looked to the Iranian mafia to make the perfectly normal Iranian people more receptive to the US. Rhodes and Obama had everything backwards. The guy telling Obama how to handle Iran is a LUNATIC and an ARROGANT IGNORAMUS. I knew Obama would be a horrible president. He outdid ALL my expectations for him..."
" AHA! ""Where his predecessor stayed silent in 2009, Trump swiftly offered the Iranian people America’s unwavering support. He has also committed to provide assistance in the days ahead."" Read that again: ""He has also committed to provide assistance in the days ahead."" Remember this? The videos are showing more funerals and more sit-ins for the families if the arrested. And the security forces are running from the protesters. IF--and that's a BIG IF--this is regime change, it will be done in the smartest, most bloodless, most inclusive way possible. When the president and vice president say help is coming, BELIEVE THEM. They're waiting until the right moment. The Iranians will tell us..."
" I went to a Frank Zappa convention to sell my book when it first came out. Did sell a single copy. Zappa fans hated Scott Thunes, easily one of the greatest bassists ever. As the convention ended, a man came toward me. He had a 150-inch waist and pants legs with sharp creases. Since his waist was over a foot in front of him, the pants creases went at a sharp angle down to his shoes. It looked like he had the bows of steamer ships instead of legs. These two angled bow came at me: left-right-left-right. Imagine a giant ice-skating using ships. I couldn't take my eyes of of his ship-pants. He wanted me to give message to Gail Zappa, who I didn't know. ""Do you know who I am?"" he thundered. He's very famous, but his fame didn't suddenly help me know Gail Zappa. So he steamed away in his ocean-liner trousers. Someday I'll make a wooden toy of him. Captain Ship-pants..."
" This is circumstantial evidence that one of my theories is correct. I'll get to the theory in a moment. ""Al-Shorouk quoted Prince Mohammed as saying 'the contemporary triangle of evil comprises Iran, Turkey and extremist religious groups.'"" My theory is that the Gulf Cooperation Council is arming the Syrian Kurds with massively advanced weaponry. To prevent misuse of the weapons, it's likely that Arab commandos are attached to the Kurds, and THEY fire the devices. An antitank guided missile (ATGM) has a high-explosive antitank (HEAT) warhead. This is a copper cone surrounded by explosive. It's called a ""shaped charge."" The explosives melt the copper cone, producing a jet that cuts through armor. Sometimes an ATGM simply knocks out the tank. Sometimes the ATGM makes the tank ""cook off."" The ammunition burns. This is a remote-controlled tank. Nobody is inside. Sometimes the ATGM makes the tank ammunition explode. The Kurds are using the Russian 9M113 Konkurs ATGM. Sorry about the quality of the video. However, Kurds say that they're using thermobaric or fuel-air explosive warheads. This is the explosion of a Konkurs ATGM. Now the Kurdish version of the Konkurs. Another. And another. The warheads produce gigantic explosions. The tanks are atomized. It's new technology. I have no doubt that the Gulf Cooperation Council is helping the Kurds hold off the Turks. Erdogan wants empire. That's not allowed..."
" AHA! Look what our president is shielding with his ongoing battle over DACA and the rest: ""Israeli defense officials believe that Iran has resumed building a precision weapons factory in Lebanon, the Israel Defense Forces spokesman, Brig. Gen. Ronen Manelis, wrote in an article published Sunday."" ""It was particularly unusual that the article was published on several Lebanese-owned websites and Arabic publications - including Voice of Beirut, Sputnik and Israeli radio's public Arabic broadcaster."" Why publish this news in Arabic? Two reasons: One, the Israelis are making it clear that their problem is with Iran, not the Arab world. And two, I'm POSITIVE that Arabs will take care of the problem. An Iranian missile factory in Lebanon means war. That's all there is to it. But. The Iran protests were a Beta Test for regime change. There were protests all over the country, simultaneously, and the security forces are still joining in. The mayor of Golpayegan, Isfahan Province, tells a member of the Young Journalist's Club ""Take your pictures and get out,"" and the cameraman tells him that times have changed. What we saw in Iran was ""reconnaissance by protest."" It went off VERY well. Every time the Saudis face a ""crisis,"" it means that they're doing something secretly. And here's the crisis. We're told that the UAE bombed a base used by the Yemeni Army so that the Southern Resistance could take over Aden. Not possible. This is a kabuki AND some form of strategic deception. Yemen has existed in its present form only since May 22, 1990. Prior to that date, the People's Democratic Republic of Yemen was a separate country. South Yemen declared its independence in 1994, but the forces of dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh reunified the country after a violent two-month war. The Saudis and the UAE armed and trained the Southern Resistance, so my guess is that the goal was to stop the cycle of corruption and abuse that has made the Southerners want their own country. Yemen is actually three distinct cultures: the Northern, the Central, and the Southern. The Northerners have said since the time of Mohammed that they have the divine right to rule ALL Yemenis. When someone is heavily armed and VERY well trained, it's hard to abuse them, isn't it? So this ""crisis"" isn't what it appears to be, and the Saudis aren't in trouble. But they want you to think they are. ""It's always great to be underestimated."" --Donald John Trump So I can't tell you WHAT will happen in Lebanon, but I CAN tell you that Hezbollah and Iran will be defeated, and the war will probably NOT be very violent. My guess is that Hezbollah and Iran's capabilities are being steadily reduced. What can they do or say about it? Absolutely nothing. And the whole time, says, ""Look at me! Everyone look at me!"" So everyone DOES, and the silent men and women who fix things go in and fix things. Silently..."
" asks a question. He's talking about Hannity's account being hacked. This tweet was sent three times. ""Form submission"" is how computer code writers put data into servers. Servers are the computers that host everything on the Internet. All computer code has vulnerabilities. Back when I used to blog, my Website became the most-hacked in history. They used programs that searched for vulnerabilities. It one point, there were 6 million hacking attempts per day. They were all automated, of course. My Webmaster at the time got death threats, They tracked him down through the code he wrote, so he had to quit. They broke into the Website through photos. THAT was a vulnerability that nobody had ever heard of. They found every possible vulnerability. The Webmaster had to search the ""logs,"" which are screens full of codes. A hacker leaves a signature. It can't be helped. We were able to see through the various attempts to hide the source of the hacks. The IP addresses were in Syria. Now, I have private servers, and I paid the Webmaster to build proprietary software JUST FOR ME. My Website and Hannity's would be completely different. So would the software and code. Twitter MADE AN EXCEPTION to its rules and confirmed--at Hannity's request--that his account had been hacked. ""Form submission"" is NOT A COMMAND. It's a way to get data into a server. so what all of this comes down to is that someone exploited a vulnerability, and the evidence of that came out in a tweet. Was that tweet meant to be seen by the public? I don't know. But it was nothing to do with the year 1649, and it has nothing to do with Twitter purging the site of conservatives. The people making these claims are LYING... ADDENDUM: provides the answer. ""It’s from the source code on his website where you submit your comments and email addy."" See? "
" A questioning thread. Here's my viewpoint: Wolff is 100 percent aware of how Trump manipulates the media. He is SPOT ON in his understanding of Trump. And yet Wolff's book--if taken at face value--shows that Wolff is utterly BLIND to how Trump manipulates the media. Even though Wolff had articulated EXACTLY how Trump manipulates the media. Trump's White House reached out to Wolff. Chris Wallace says that HIS White House source told him that staffers were all encouraged to speak to Wolff. Here is the defining characteristic of leftists: They ALWAYS OVERREACH. Having a psychiatrist say that this is a national emergency, and Trump needs to be examined against his will? TOTAL BACKFIRE. They're basing this emergency on...tweets. Trolling. Nothing else. How easy is it to manipulate people, especially those who are susceptible to peer pressure? There's a famous experiment that prove how easily led Americans are. They take ten people, put them in a room, and show them drawings like this. They ask everybody, ""Which line is shorter, A or B""? The drawings change. Sometimes A is shorter, sometime B. But here's the deal: The two experimenters and NINE of the people in the room are in on the experiment. Only ONE person is actually being tested. That one person is the LAST person asked. Nine people answer before him or her. ""Which is shorter, A or B?"" After a few answers, ALL NINE PEOPLE start saying that the SHORTER LINE is the longer one. Guess what happens with the tenth person, the subject of the experiment? You got it! In 75 percent of the cases, THAT person agrees with everyone in the room that the shorter line is the longer one. And guess what they say when the experiment is revealed to them? They always say, ""I KNEW which line was shorter, but since everybody else said it was longer, I agreed with them."" Trump is a MASTER psychologist. He knows EVERYTHING about the human condition. I HAD no doubt that Trump's people told Wolff a load of hooey, but NOW I believe that Wolff was in on it. So was Bannon. We have to keep going back to the FREEDOM that Trump has provided. It's a new world. Authors WILL fake an entire book. There's no downside for Wolff. Leftists are eating up this insanity. What has Bannon suffered? NOTHING. And while Democrats are alienating the entire country, we have incredible developments in North Korea, Iran, Syria... All of this is quite possible. Just think of the Brusilov Offensive. The Brusilov Offensive of World War One (June 4, 1916) was one of the greatest deceptions in military history. General Aleksei Brusilov thought it up. It took place in present-day Ukraine. The Russians HID an entire army by digging saps--trenches that go toward the enemy line--only at night using cloth-covered implements. In the daytime, they covered the saps with massive green tarps so that German observation aircraft couldn't see anything. Underground shelters were dug to house the assault troops. At the time, it was customary to begin one of those futile assaults with an artillery barrage that lasted days. Brusilov had 2000 guns fire along a front 200 miles wide. Simultaneously. The targets had been carefully chosen by scouts who infiltrated the Austrian lines. So the guns fired, and then 1.7 million men burst out of saps that had been dug as close as 75 yards from the Austrians. The Russians smashed through and pushed the Austrians back 50 miles in two days. Brusilov's commanders tried everything they could to change or stop his plan, but he told them, ""We do it my way, or I resign."" And Brusilov's plan worked. He hid 1.7 million men right in front of the Austrians. Right now, ANYTHING is possible. Trump is fearless and totally in control. All will be well. Seriously... ADDENDUM: Someone asked about Wikileaks publishing the book. Wolff doesn't care. See, authors receive ADVANCES that cover what the publishers think will be the total sales. So Wolff has ALREADY MADE his money. HE may have given the book to Wikileaks. Listen to what Wolff is saying: ""I am certainly and absolutely in every way comfortable with everything I've reported in this book."" WHO DOES THAT SOUND LIKE? ""I'm, like, really smart and junk."" CNBC. And the increasingly hapless CNN. I think Trump and Wolff pulled a fast one. Ha..."
" Okay. Lebanese Prime Minister Hariri confirms what I thought, that Israel won't fight Hezbollah. REMEMBER: All reformers in the Middle East are walking a tightrope right now, so they have to SAY THINGS. These are just WORDS. There are two takeaways from the piece: ""Hariri declined to discuss details of his stay in Saudi Arabia, but said that 'Saudi Arabia never interfered directly in Lebanese politics.'"" And the second point: ""Every single time [Israel] went to war with Lebanon, they actually strengthened Hezbollah - and weakened the state.” That's absolutely true. BUT. It's not the FAULT of Israel. The press spread Hezbollah propaganda, the UN instantly condemned Israel, the US got cold feet, AND--let's be frank--tribalism kicked in. THAT'S why I'm sure that the Gulf Cooperation Council will take military action IF NECESSARY, and it will be over in a VERY short time. The US is delivering advanced weaponry to Lebanon. Lebanon and Saudi Arabia are the only countries in the world that use the Bradley fighting vehicle. And this. The sound was censored. On the left is Lebanese Armed Forces Commander Joseph Aoun, and on the right in tan coveralls is Lt. Gen. Jeffrey L. Harrigian, Commander U.S. Air Forces Central Command, Southwest Asia. IF--and that's a BIG IF--armed conflict breaks out, it will be the GCC against Hezbollah. AND the WAY the war is fought will stun everyone. The US is now confident that Lebanon is stable and trustworthy enough to give advanced weaponry. That should tell you everything you need to know... ADDENDUM: Point No. 11 means Lebanon and Saudi Arabia are the only OTHER COUNTRIES besides the US that use the Bradley Fighting vehicle."
" ALSO, here's where I think Trump has outfoxed Congress: Did you know THIS? Democrats and probably most Republicans want to tie Trump's hands. Just because he's Trump. In order to sidestep this BLATANT and totally BAD-FAITH act on the part of Congress, Trump did two things. One, he gave what APPEARS to be full autonomy to the military. He's not giving the orders. Therefore Congress can't stop him. The only thing Congress can do to stop the MILITARY is to cut funds. Congress just gave the military MORE FUNDING than it asked for. Clearly Congress lacks the balls and ovaries to tell our generals and admirals to stop fighting. The second thing Trump is doing is talking as though he's contemplating an old-school invasion with ground troops. This will never happen under Trump. Why not? Because Trump has given the PENTAGON the authority to determine troop levels. Congress can't do a damn thing about it. Here's a photo of a ""Kurdish YPG convoy"" in Syria. The highest-resolution copy of this image reveals who is ACTUALLY in the trucks. US Army 1st Cavalry Division, 3rd Engineer Battalion. Full name: 1st Cavalry Division, 3rd Armored Brigade Combat Team ""Greywolf"", 3rd Engineer Battalion ""Beavers."" These are combat engineers sent in to demine and remove IEDs. They aren't fighting; they're helping the people who are fighting. Here's a ""Sapper"" (the Green Berets of engineers) with a 1st Cavalry Division shoulder patch. So TRUMP isn't sending anyone, and the people the PENTAGON sends are not engaged in kinetic warfare. Therefore EVERY SINGLE ROADBLOCK that Congress tried to throw in front of Trump has been demolished. The Trump Doctrine is this: support their locals as THEY do the heavy lifting. Congress's precious approval--which they PERVERTED through partisan politics--is now irrelevant. HA!"
" This video says that the war to overthrow the mullahs will begin on Saturday, March 3, 2018, Iranian time. The caption says the following: ""Before the war on Saturday, [here is] the [movie] trailer of the Iranian volcano blast, [which] we need to bring to the attention of the mullahs."" Now, previously, there was a cryptic, undated video that was published. ""The event you will receive on Wednesday in Syria will be decisive / on behalf of the Iranian people."" That video was made public on February 22, 2018, but nothing happened on a Wednesday AFTER the video surfaced. What if the video was made LONG BEFORE February 22, 2018? Did something happen on a Wednesday in Syria, prior to February 22, 2018? You bet. Wednesday, February 7, 2018. Here's Lt. Gen. Jeffrey L. Harrigian, Commander, U.S. Air Forces Central Command, Southwest Asia. Listen to him describe the attack. F-15 multirole fighters, MQ-9 Reaper armed drones, B-52 Stratofortress strategic bombers, AC-130 gunships, AH-64 Apache helicopter gunships, and US Marine Corps ground artillery. To stop a battalion. The commander of our entire forces in the region gave the briefing. As one of the Russian survivors said, ""They made their point."" I think THIS is the Wednesday event that was forecast by the mystery Iranian video. Look what happens when you try to watch Lt-Gen Harrigian on the Pentagon Website. The unit that attacked the Americans in Syria was Russians AND Iranians. So Russia will not do anything to defend the mullahs NOW. We sent in strategic bombers! I'm stunned. Remember: Trump said this. Here's what I think happened: Multiple people on our side are in contact with the Iranian armed forces. There wasn't a REASON IN THE WORLD for them to trust us. You know why? We encouraged the Iraqis to rise up against Saddam Hussein in 1991. ""On February 15, 1991, four weeks into Operation Desert Storm, President George H.W. Bush, using identical language twice encouraged 'the Iraqi military and the Iraqi people to take matters into their own hands and force Saddam Hussein, the dictator, to step aside.'"" The Iraqis thought that we would help them. We didn't, and they were slaughtered. About 80,000 Shia and Kurds were killed, a death toll HIGHER than the Iraqi army suffered in Desert Storm. The entire region stopped trusting us after that. So I think THIS TIME, Trump showed the Iranians that we will help them. We utterly obliterated a Russian-Iranian unit in Syria. I think our allies in contact with the Iranian armed forces told them, ""Watch what happens on Wednesday."" So NOW, the Iranians know that Trump can be trusted. We set up the Russians and annihilated them. Without mercy. It had to be done. Putin is facilitating the mullahs. As my brother said, blowing the hell out of the Russians in Syria was a ""good-faith gesture"" for the Iranians. In 1991, the United States was still the center of the universe. Here are the relevant passages from that piece about the Iraqi uprisings: ""The Bush administration provided no assistance to the uprisings, fearing, variously, the 'Lebanonization of Iraq,' Iranian-backed Shias assuming power in Baghdad and more U.S. soldiers dying in 'another Vietnam,' as then-Secretary of State James Baker described it."" ""The Bush administration also actively restrained the uprisings by refusing to provide captured Iraqi weapons or munitions stockpiles to the insurgents, but rather chose to destroy them, return them to the Iraqis, or transfer them to the Mujahideen in Afghanistan."" Bush and Baker are VERY Old School. In THEIR worldview, the US makes all the decisions. Trump is the polar opposite. Trump will HELP those who help themselves. ONLY if they ask. Trump will not START something that will spiral out of control and result in massive unforeseen consequences. So THAT is why we blew the hell out of the Russians. The Iranian armed forces demanded--VERY REASONABLY--that we prove to them that we're not going to abandon them when they rise up. We used STRATEGIC BOMBERS on the Russians! Can't get any more fearless than that. The Russians simply covered it up. And NOW I think the region trusts us. Or rather, they trust ... ADDENDUM: For what it's worth. I'm in no position to agree or disagree. I just translated the caption on the original video... ADDENDUM TWO: Just to be clear: The Iranian VIDEO says that the war to overthrow the mullahs will begin Saturday. MY OWN POSITION is that the mullahs and Hezbollah will be taken out simultaneously, date unknown. BUT I'm now convinced that the destruction of the Russian-Iranian unit in Syria on Wednesday, February 7, 2018, was a message sent to the Iranians and everybody in the region that we won't abandon them. Trump WILL support those who ask for help. We will never again betray those who thought they could rely on us... ADDENDUM THREE: The German publication Der Spiegel shows you how anti-Trump fanatics will lie in order to further their agenda. Der Spiegel is taking as gospel the word of six Syrian regime militiamen. In reality, multiple Russian Cossack communities are reporting hundreds of deaths. The B-52 Stratofortresses flew 1000 miles from Qatar, and the AC-130s flew 1600 miles from Djibouti. Der Spiegel and the Russians are lying. AND it was a set-up. The B-52s and AC-130s were already on station when the Russians attacked. From a Russian survivor: ""They knew we were coming."" Close. We TRICKED YOU into coming... ADDENDUM FOUR: YouTube has never before removed a video from Freedom Messenger. Note that YouTube has NOT removed a video that shows a man setting himself on fire to protest the regime. The removal of the video would seem to indicate that we're on the verge of regime change in Iran. Trump had two important phone conversations in the past few days. With the Deputy Commander of the UAE Armed Forces. And a phone call with the Saudi Defense Minister. YouTube's censorship is a lie. Therefore I conclude that the video IS real, and that regime change in Iran is imminent... "
" The Arab ""Hollowing Out"" Strategy. Might as well make even MORE enemies today. When you go to war in the Middle East, you create animosities that will last for centuries. Everyone wants revenge, forever. The Saudis warned us to not topple Saddam Hussein, because the unforeseen consequences would be catastrophic. We ignored the Saudis. The Saudis made peace with Israel in 2006. We know that because that was when the Saudis gave Israel intelligence on Hezbollah. Although the US tries to be a good ally, we change our foreign policy every four to eight years. Therefore the Saudis decided to become as self-sufficient as possible. Self-sufficiency required massive military reforms and retraining. The Saudis also studied failure. Despite what people tell you, in 2011 the Syrians spontaneously rose up against their vicious dictator Bashar al-Assad. Assad had always murdered dissidents with his ""ghosts""--the shabiha. An armed uprising in Syria began on July 29, 2011, when Syrian military members defected and formed the Free Syrian Army. Over the next two years, Iranians came to Assad's defense, and Islamist rebel groups formed. The official non-official story is that the US, NATO countries, Turkey, and Arab countries helped the rebels fight the Islamic State. There was a Military Operations center (MOC) in either Jordan or Turkey. We trained and armed rebels to fight ONLY the Islamic State. That was a US military operation. At the same time, the CIA armed and trained rebels to fight Assad. All the rebels were ""vetted."" Both programs were catastrophic failures. The rebels defected or sold their weapons, or they got massacred. In 2015, I saw a video that made me realize that a massive deception operation was underway in Syria. The missile is supposed to be a BGM-71 TOW. But the man behind the tent survived. If that had been a TOW or ANY high-explosive missile, he would've been shredded into a pink mist. THEN I noticed that not ONE TOW missile launcher in Syria had a thermal sight. This Arab Pandur Armored Ground Mobility System (AGMS) has a TOW launcher with a thermal sight on top of the daylight sight. ALSO I noticed that every single missile video has an edit between the firing and the strike. So I figured out what happened. The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) offered to attach commandos to jihadist militias to fire the missiles. At some point, each jihadist militia was ""hollowed out"" and replaced with commandos. These militias exist in name only. That's why Trump ended support for them. Jihadist rebel groups haven't put out genuine combat videos for years. All we see are people firing into empty buildings. I can't show you any of the examples I saved, because YouTube deleted them all. But I can show you something interesting: Multiple secular rebel groups in Syria have men like this attached to them. Super skinny black men. THEN they began appearing in SYRIAN ARAB ARMY videos. Then the Syrian Arab Army began faking videos. Hezbollah began faking videos. This was rehearsed. Bottles of water were pre-placed for the men. There was no fighting. The terrorists were all bused out. Iraq violently disagreed, so we took action. The terrorists--both al-Nusra and Islamic State--were allowed to go free by Assad and Hezbollah. So, in the case of the minor jihadists, they were taken over by the GCC and its allies. The Syrian Arab Army is now playacting. They put out fake videos and make deals with terrorists. Hezbollah also makes deals and then pretends to fight. This is because the the SAA and Hezbollah have been crippled. They can't fight anymore. Assad and Hezbollah are being allowed to continue existing in total impotence. What can terrorist leaders do if they have no fighters? The GCC will show us. This is a new way to fight and win wars. There's no victory parade or ""Mission Accomplished"" banners. There will be no insurgency. Also no mass vengeance killings, no ethnic cleansing, no total breakdown of law and order. About 150,000 special operators from maybe 40 Muslims countries disappeared. They're all over Syria. This guy is supposed to be an American Green Beret. Do you buy that? Nobody knows who anybody is. And that's how you hollow out the enemy's forces..."
" Frank Marshall Davis--Marxist journalist--almost certainly brought Obama to the attention of Thomas G. Ayers, leftist and father of unrepentant terrorist Bill Ayers. SOMEBODY greased the skids for Obama, even after he went into politics. Thomas Ayers and George Soros were the two likely sugar daddies. The goal was to put the PERFECT man in the White House and then implement every leftist plan on the books. It almost worked. Although Obama did a hell of a lot of damage, his fatal flaws are weakness, vanity, obsessive micromanaging, and lack of conviction. Soros needed someone like Trump, but of course SOROS HIMSELF has all the flaws of Obama, so he could never choose the right person to finally put the United States out of its misery. Obama did a lot in his early years, and then he crapped out and just golfed and drank. He's simply not a believer. Hillary would've done even more damage, but I'm not sure how far she would've gone. If you read the book ""1984"", O'Brien says that the Soviets were constrained by a need to explain WHY they amassed so much power. The fictional English Socialist Party amasses power purely for its own sake. It exists purely to stamp on faces. So far we haven't had politicians willing to do what it takes to make us into Airstrip One, the fictional Great Britain in ""1984."" To destroy the US takes a lot of guts. Obama worried about his legacy, so he took half-measures. We're seeing the Democrats wreaking a lot of havoc, but I think Trump's Judas goats have the upper hand. We'll know one way of the other in November..."
" reveals Iran's nuclear weapons program. ""A few weeks ago, in a great intelligence achievement, Israel obtained half a ton of the material inside these vaults. And here’s what we got. Fifty-five thousand pages. Another 55,000 files on 183 CDs."" ""Everything you’re about to see, is an exact copy of the original Iranian material. You may want to know where are the originals? Well, I can say they’re now in a very safe place."" Half a ton of files. This means that the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps delivered this material to Israel. No question whatsoever. That tells us two things: The IRGC wants the mullahs gone, and the IRGC knows that there will be no war. This is the end of the mullahs. This is the most important part of the the presentation: ""We’ve known for years that Iran had a secret nuclear weapons program called Project Amad. We can now prove that Project Amad was a comprehensive program to design, build and test nuclear weapons..."" ""We can also prove that Iran is secretly storing Project Amad material to use at a time of its choice to develop nuclear weapons."" I've mentioned the Abilene Paradox many times. It's a concept that will allow you to accept that the change is real. The Abilene Paradox describes how a group will do things that each person as an individual opposes. It turns out that MANY countries are living the Abilene Paradox. and Mohammed bin Salman offer freedom from the Abilene Paradox. SOMEONE delivered 1000 pounds of documents to ISRAEL. MUSLIMS did that. Iranians and Arabs said, ""We will get this material to Israel."" The Israelis alone could not have taken 1000 pounds of documents. The IRGC helped. THIS is how I used to think. In August of 2015, the Saudis changed my mind. Since August of 2015, I have been completely confident that the Middle East will sort out its problems without regional war. After Trump was elected, I became completely confident that the WORLD would get better. My wildest expectations have been exceeded. BUT. I should not have been surprised by what's happened so far. In retrospect, I see that the solutions were always there. What was missing was the WILL to risk putting those solutions into place. Trump and Mohammed bin Salman (MbS) have two very important characteristics in common: They HATE suffering, and they have no desire for empire. When you have fearless leaders who are guided by MORALITY and who are indifferent to garnering geopolitical power, they can do anything. The solution of leftism is to bring down those who have more. Trump and MbS believe that a rising tide lifts all boats. THEIR solution is to create the means for EVERYONE to climb higher and higher. I have absolutely no doubt that the people who spoke to the North Koreans and the IRGC are very similar to Trump and MbS. In other words, they speak from the heart, and the listener understands that all will be well. The exposure of the Iranian nuclear program is GREAT NEWS for Iranians. It confirms what I've been saying: NO WAR. The mullahs' Praetorian Guard has turned against it. Kim Jong-un HAS no Praetorian Guard. Therefore he was liberated. Those who controlled him were taken out of the picture. Kim's Swiss education is a godsend. He will adapt, because he learned individual initiative. The Iranian mullahs have the IRGC and the Basij as their Praetorian Guard. But remember: In December of last year, Iranian protesters ALL OVER THE COUNTRY began recruiting security forces. There are two great fears that prevent change: What will happen to ME, and what will happen to my COUNTRY? When those fears are addressed, change can happen. North Korea and the Islamic Republic of Iran built their identities around the notion of permanent opposition from enemies. In the Pacific, Trump showed Kim that we're not his enemy. And in the Middle East, MbS showed the IRGC that Saudi Arabia is not the enemy of the Iranian people. The UAE began teaching its soldiers Farsi in 2011. The Syrian Civil War began in March of 2011. The Gulf Cooperation Council began teaching its soldiers Farsi in April of 2011. So the operation to win over the IRGC began in April of 2011. This was the ONLY SOLUTION. War would've been catastrophic on every level. Some people have to be killed. Yes. BUT MOST PEOPLE DON'T. It's VERY important that the Iranian documents were delivered to Israel. That's the mullahs' own security forces saying, ""To hell with you guys."" So be happy. NO WAR..."
" I just had a thought: In the Battle of Mosul, Iraqi generals walked the streets one block over from the fighting. Not a single general was lost. The videos show INCREDIBLY skilled security doing things without being noticed. The man on the left is a bodyguard armed with hand grenades. You can see several on his belt. ""EOD"" = explosive ordnance disposal The old man got frisked front, sides, and back, and he had no idea. On the left, the bodyguard shakes hands with a ""civilian."" The bodyguard has a live grenade in his left hand, and the civilian wears massively heavy body armor. The bodyguard salutes the Iraqi officer before shaking hands with him. It's an Arab or Pakistani naval salute, palm down. He's a naval commando. The soldier on the right signals someone. On the left. Another hand signal. See, they're signalling men on the roofs. IF--and that's a BIG IF--the Iranians are getting help, it's in the form of men who have spent years protecting. The crowds have counter-snipers watching over them. Technology allows a counter-sniper to instantly locate a sniper. If somebody fires on crowds, he'll be immediately located and killed. I've seen TWO videos that showed RETURN FIRE. The people on the street were not even taking cover. Not even ducking. The videos from Mosul are quite amazing. They show a level of training that I've never seen before. ANYBODY can look intimidating. But it takes incredible skill to be invisible while in plain sight..."
" I ask people to support so that we can break this pattern of destroying people for their political beliefs. Your politics is your RIGHT. Nobody should EVER be afraid to support somebody. We saw put through the mill and triumph. She's the same Roseanne she always was. can also triumph. If he knows that people are grateful for him TAKING THE HEAT, he will emerge from this as one of the great figures who stopped the destruction. That's all that matters. We need to return to a country in which we RESPECT different opinions. has volunteered to be at the front of this battle, so you can help him by supporting him. He's doing a great thing..."
" August 21, 2015. Saudi former National Security Adviser Anwar Eshki (left). Eshki is a former Major General in the Saudi army. He spoke with Dore Gold at the Council on Foreign Relations on June 4, 2015. At that event, Eshki revealed the Saudi seven-point plan for the Middle East. The world scoffed. Then on August 21, 2015, Eshki gave a long interview to the Wall Street Journal. Here's what Eshki said about the Islamic State in Syria. “I believe Daesh will like Pac Man eat all the terrorists until it becomes one big terrorist. Then we can destroy them.” Well, that didn't happen. But guess what DID happen? Al-Qaeda ate all the terrorists in Syrian until it became one big terrorist. Now it's called Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham (HTS). I think that was the Saudi plan all along. Al-Qaeda was always more dangerous than the Islamic State. And it's clear that the destruction of HTS is well along. Syrian civilians are ejecting HTS from their towns. HTS gave Darat Izza an ultimatum: Let us back in, or we'll attack and kill you all. Darat Izza ignored the ultimatum...and nothing happened. HTS went away. Here's a video of HTS ""assaulting"" the village of Mushairfa yesterday. It's absurd. These are clowns. Every terrorist nearly killed another terrorist. A guy shooting the ground. Another guy shooting the ground. The cameraman unloads a burst that goes right past the other guy's head. The guy in front fires on the run, holding his rifle so awkwardly that it could go out of control at any second. The cameraman holds the rifle sideways and shoots the wall. The cameraman shoots past his buddy's head again. Someone shoots the ground on the right. The village is deserted. The HTS terrorists are pretending. Here they're in the wandering phase. They run valiantly past a guy urinating. See the fresh tire tracks? They trucked everybody in. It's a total farce. There was no return fire. Remember, HTS is ALL the jihadist rebels melded into one. They're done. As far as I can tell, the only people actually fighting are the Syrian Democratic Forces. Everyone else is just putting on a show as they try desperately to avoid the fate that the Saudis arranged for them two years ago..."
" On September 4, 2015, the United Arab Emirates lost 45 men in a ballistic missile attack in Yemen. This was the worst single-day loss of life in the history of the UAE. The soldiers were support troops, older men with families. What was the reaction in the UAE? They said, ""Now we MUST win, or else the loss of lives will have meant nothing."" The man who sent the troops into combat visited the survivors in the hospital. American troops call the UAE ""Little Sparta."" It's a warrior culture. They don't politicize the fallen because they understand the incredible disrespect it shows to EVERYONE. These are real lives. Fathers are separated from their children, husbands from wives, and wives from husbands. There are no ghouls in the United Arab Emirates. American leftists would do well to learn the concept of RESPECT."
" What makes this story different from those of Donald Trump and Roy Moore? ""In a statement to Eater, Batali said that he is stepping away from the day-to-day operations of his businesses for an unspecified period of time."" Have you noticed that almost 100 percent of the men accused of improper or illegal behavior have admitted it or resigned or ""stepped away""? If I were innocent, I'd fight like hell to clear my name. recently said one of the most deranged things I've ever read: Alexrod said that it's ""strange"" that the self-admittedly guilty lose their positions, while those who proclaim their innocence refuse to give in to the mob. On which planet is that ""strange""? You know what's strange to the point of total incomprehensibility? Al Franken. First he said he was innocent of improper behavior, but he let everyone down, and he was learning. THEN he said that he statement of letting people down had been misconstrued. He'd never done anything wrong on any level, ever. But he said he'd resign at some point anyway. What the hell does all that gibberish mean? In how many different ways are Democrats robbing ALL concepts of ALL meaning? If Al Franken were your employee, would you put up with what he's trying to pull? People need to understand that not all of the accused are created equal. And not all of the ACCUSERS are created equal. Remember the Duke men's lacrosse team? They were INDICTED, and their OWN LAWYERS thought they were guilty. ""'Most people accused of crimes are guilty,' attorney Brad Bannon recalls in a new film on the scandal that shook the foundation of college sports."" ""'I had absolutely no problem believing that rich, white, elite young men would take advantage of a young African-American woman that they had hired to come and perform for them.'"" There was NO investigation. The accuser used her race and social status to DEMOLISH the lives of innocent men. Uh-oh! ""Fantastic Lies also points a finger at the media entities that salivated over a story that hit so many pressure points."" DOES THAT SOUND FAMILIAR? People have asked me if I think a group of women who don't know each other would all lie. That's not a pertinent question. There's no way to KNOW if a person is lying until they're exposed. Initially, Roy Moore's yearbook accuser LIED about having altered the inscription. That's a matter of public record. When you combine that with the fact that she got nearly everything about the restaurant wrong, it becomes easy to dismiss her. But we have no evidence that the others LIED. Do you remember the ""fume lady"" in California? On February 19, 1994, this woman was brought to Riverside General Hospital near death from advanced cervical cancer. As the staff tried to save her life, they began passing out from what they said was toxic fumes that she was emitting. Well, guess what? An exhaustive investigation by the hospital showed that only staff members who SAW the patient passed out. Those with their backs turned were fine. It was a classic case of mass hysteria. People DID pass out, and they believe to this day that the patient emitted toxic fumes. But it wasn't true. ""Who knows what's in a man's heart?"" asks a character in ""True Grit."" I don't. But here's what I DO know: If I were falsely accused of sexual misconduct, I'd behave like Roy Moore, not Mario Batali. I wouldn't let false accusations ruin my life..."
" Iranian regime plainclothes agents used to attack protesters. The caption says, ""Note the knife scars on his neck and arm."" You can see that these are men with no brakes. They're basically wild animals. Why haven't they been able to stop the protests? Here we see riot police actually surrendering to protesters. The video is two hours old. The cop is led away, without violence. IF--and that's a BIG IF--this is regime change, they're going to do it using a strategy never before implemented. Therefore IF this is regime change, all the commentary about it is worthless. If wouldn't APPLY in this case..."
" A thread for Middle Easterners. I don't choose sides. Jew, Muslim, Shia, Sunni, Arab, Persian, Turk, Kurd. ALL people of goodwill are my allies. I realized something today: The only enemy WE ALL share is the press. Let's look at Iraq. Moqtada al-Sadr won big. The press is saying, ""This will be TERRIBLE for the United States!"" Do you know anything about Moqtada al-Sadr? When he was a young man, he had no desire to be a cleric. His nickname was ""Moqtada Atari"" because he loved video games. Let's look at a closeup of his face. Do you know what I realized last night? For his entire life, he was a prisoner of the Iranian mullahs. He did their bidding because they held his family hostage. Somebody freed him. WHO?! The press wants you to think that ALL reformers are evil and untrustworthy. Journalists trade in BAD news. So they hate improvement. ALL OF US are manipulated. Here's a good example. Believe me, I FULLY UNDERSTAND suspicions and fears. That's why I hate the press. Journalists WANT war. They lie so that we will all hate each other. What I want is for EVERYBODY to have the kind of life that I myself did not have I want all of YOU in the Middle East to be safe, happy, and prosperous. There's a line from the film ""A Patch of Blue."" ""You have been greatly sinned against."" This is because the press doesn't see Middle Easterners as individual people. You are GROUPS. The German satirist Kurt Tucholsky said, ""The death of one man: That is a catastrophe. One hundred thousand deaths: That is a statistic!” Middle Easterners are only statistics. To journalists. Not to me. I never tell people how to think. But you should know that I don't see people as groups. Therefore I don't choose sides. I support EVERYONE who embraces improvement. I'm very optimistic about the future of the Middle East. My hope is to someday visit. So I wanted to write something for ALL Middle Easterners. The press tries to mislead you. I may be WRONG, but I will never deliberately mislead you. I believe everything that I write. So you can trust me to give you an HONEST opinion..."
" A big Obama ""D'OH!"" ""Ironically, Iran's receiving more than $100 billion in frozen assets for the hapless 'nuclear deal' succeeded in breaking the solidarity between Iranian people and the Ayatollahs' regime better than the sanctions did."" ""During the tough time of sanctions, the Iranian people stood by their leaders."" ""The people only broke with their leaders when they saw that the 'liberated' money was benefiting everyone but them."" Obama TOTALLY underestimated two things: One, the desire of the Iranian people to be free. And two, the ability for SOMEONE to help the Iranians in ways that are not destructive, sectarian, or destabilizing. Obama and his advisers are utterly outclassed by Middle Easterners. Why? Because MIDDLE EASTERNERS KNOW THE REGION. Rex Tillerson is currently invisible. ""Experts"" think that's terrible. They're wrong. Tillerson is WORKING OUT OF THE SPOTLIGHT. Do you know what the problem always was in the past? Historical baggage. During the filming of the movie Battle of Britain, they modified three Percival Proctors to look like the German Ju-87 Stuka dive bomber. The Stuka was capable of vertical dives, and it had a siren to scare the hell out of the people it was bombing. One of the test pilots was flying the fake Stuka over the UK, and he saw an older look up and run indoors. The pilot said, ""The poor guy was thinking, 'Dammit, here we go again.'"" Before Tillerson, every time a Secretary of State opened his or her mouth, Middle Easterners thought, ""Dammit, here we go again."" Everything is DIFFERENT this time. And THAT'S why everything will work..."
" The Iranian mullahs launched a crackdown on the Arabs of Ahwaz. The result. Another. And another. This is a great chant. Very powerful. Looks like people have lost their fear of security forces. In 2009, all the activity was centered in Tehran, which made it easy to control. Now, the security forces are forced to deal with protests are over the country. Simultaneously... "
" It's nice to have my theories confirmed, especially by people who have no idea what's really happening. I wrote this earlier. David Ignatius and the magazine Foreign Policy think Mohammed bin Salman is out of control. ""Global Opinions Editor Karen Attiah advises President Trump to stop tweeting endorsements of Saudi Arabia's unpredictable crown prince."" So Foreign Policy--SURPRISE!--doesn't know anything about foreign policy. But Ignatius unknowingly confirmed my ""crazy"" theory: ""A Saudi official told me that the kingdom plans to work with the United States to support Lebanese institutions, such as the army, that can gradually reduce the power of Hezbollah and its patron, Iran."" Well, yeah. You could SAY that the Gulf Cooperation Council is supporting the Lebanese army! Just not in the way any western analyst can comprehend. The GCC did this in Yemen and Iraq: They SHIPPED the local armed forces to training camps in Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the UAE. While those forces were being trained, GCC strategic special operators took their place, fighting in the uniforms of the country's military. Each batch of trained Yemenis, Iraqis, and Lebanese took the place of an equal number of GCC commandos in country. The end result is NOBODY LOST FACE. There are very few videos of Arab soldiers in boot camp. The screaming drill instructor simply doesn't work in the Arab culture. So the Saudis, Emiratis, and Jordanians were able to train the region's men far more effectively than we can. You can see ""INSTRUCTOR"" on the shoulder on the soldier on the right. He's also a member of the Presidential Guard, the Emirati strategic special forces unit. There's nothing wrong with admitting that cultures are different, and what works for us doesn't work for others. My guess is that it would've been impossible for the US and NATO to implement the GCC strategy of mass infiltration and training. For multiple reasons, Arabs are best trained by Arabs. Also, it would not be possible for the Lebanese, Yemenis, or Iraqis to trust us to return their countries to them. The region clearly trusts the GCC. So I think that Foreign Policy magazine has confirmed what was just a crazy theory a few hours ago. Remember: The Saudis told David Ignatius that they were PLANNING to help the Lebanese army. When the Saudis say they're GOING to do something, it means they've already done it. That's why the US is now giving Lebanon advanced weaponry. The Lebanese army has already been freed from Hezbollah, the way the Iraqis were freed from Iran. Reckless? Not in the least. Unpredictable? Absolutely. All students of Sun Tzu are unpredictable. It's why they always win... "
" Conservative conspiracy theorists have only themselves to blame for the lightning-fast anti-gun response to the latest mass shooting. This, for example. Followed by this. The conspiracy now involves a Broward County hospital, the Broward County Sheriff's Department, the Coral Springs Police Department, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, the Florida state government, the FBI, and the Clintons. Conservative conspiracy theorists have spent DECADES conditioning the public to be irrational. Now, the ANTI-GUN people are using the same techniques. The irrationality surrounding the NRA and the AR-15 exactly mirrors the irrationality of conservative conspiracy theorists. Both the anti-gun side and conspiracy theorists are blatant liars. The goal is fame and political influence. The Florida school shooting is irrationality, hate, lust for fame, and ideology all building on themselves. Neither side actually cares about the dead. And neither side wants the problem solved. Spreading conspiracy theories led directly to the other side adopting the precise methodology. The Democrats were in deep trouble financially. NOW they're fundraising on the issue of gun control. Both sides have networks to get out their message as quickly as possible. The end result is WEAKENED conservatives and STRENGTHENED leftists. We owe THAT to the professional conspiracy theorists, who do their best to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. And THAT is why I hate them. Conspiracy theorists are my enemy because they're helping leftists, who will do anything to impose their will on me... ADDENDUM: He deleted his tweet, but I have the answer. The term was first used in 1870 by...psychiatrists. When the public is conditioned to be IRRATIONAL, the public is as easily controlled as children..."
" asks a question. McConnell's vote offers a clue. Here's what MAY happen: The FISA memo is released. All hell breaks loose. And as it's happening, McConnell quietly gets rid of the filibuster, and a whole slew of things are then passed almost instantly. THAT may be the plan. It's just a guess. You've noticed that Trump has gone out of his way to show that he's willing to negotiate on points that don't utterly betray conservative principles. Remember how the GOP always operated in the past? Boehner and Ryan made HORRIBLE deals that totally defied ALL conservative principles, and then they said, ""Just wait until next year! This year we had to do this, but NEXT year we'll fix their wagons!"" That was always the mantra. ""Just wait until next year!"" By televising the negotiations, Trump showed us that the Democrats were unwilling to compromise on anything. They demanded total cave-ature, the way the GOP operated in the past. How many times has the press praised a DEMOCRAT for going against the party and ""voting his-her conscience""? NEVER. The GOP couldn't get rid of the filibuster immediately. They had to show that it was necessary, because the Democrats are slaves to the illegal-alien lobby. When the FISA memo is released, that would be the perfect time for the GOP to go to work under the radar screen. That's the only way the spineless bastards will get anything done... ADDENDUM: YES, I KNOW THAT McCONNELL'S VOTE IS PROCEDURAL. What I'm talking about is more complex than simply voting on the issue again. Simply voting on the issue again won't change anything. I'm talking about STRATEGIC DECEPTION. They're making you think ONE THING will happen, but they plan on doing a DIFFERENT THING. That's what I'm talking about. It's just a guess, so you don't need to tell me, ""That's just a guess!"" I'm telling myself that. ""It's just a guess, Thomas!"" See, when you rush to helpfully correct me on things, it always turns out that you and I are not talking about the same subject. Learn a little patience. A little self-control. All good things to those who wait..."
" Young protesters harass officials and clerics in Shahin Shahr City, Isfahan. WAIT A SECOND. Look at THIS guy. He didn't actually scratch his face. THAT'S normal. A massively power middle-aged guy standing in the hallway with his hands folded in front of him. But he just gets out of the way. My guess is he's making eye contact with the old man. AND my guess is the old man could kill you REALLY fast with either his bare hands or whatever is within reach. Iranians are worried about war. No war. I promise..."
" Question from . King Salman was the Governor of Riyadh for 56 years. In that position, he developed connections to every high office in the country. Salman became defense minister and deputy crown prince in 2011. His chief personal advisor was his son Mohammed bin Salman (MbS). MbS began attending cabinet meetings at the age of 12. He's a genius in all fields. I see MbS's hand in the way the Saudis are fighting in Yemen, Syria, and Iraq. Salman became king in 2015, and he made MbS defense minister and deputy crown prince. Saudi politics WERE deeply rooted in family loyalty. The House of Saud WAS torn in two directions. Instead of choosing a family member as foreign minister, Salman chose the brilliant outsider Adel al-Jubeir, former ambassador to the US. Al-Jubeir is a master diplomat, the classic iron fist in a velvet glove. He's a friend of the Jewish people, one reason many opposed him. Here he is with Rabbi Marc Schneider. The Saudis fought an internal war against al-Qaeda in 2003. As a result, all the armed forces were revamped and integrated. Previously, the Saudi Arabian National Guard (SANG) existed only to protect the House of Saud from coups. It has its own ministry. The SANG, the army, and the Internal Security Forces now train jointly. A coup could happen at any moment. But I'm sure it won't. As Deputy Crown Prince, MbS made surprise inspection tours of all the ministries, asking to see the books. Then he fired everyone and replaced them on the spot. MbS hired young technocrats not connected with the family. They work 18-hour days. These firings have made MbS wildly popular. Then this happened. For the first time in the history of the Middle East, leaders said, ""We lied. What we did was wrong."" Keep in mind that the CURRENT leadership didn't sponsor terrorism. Their predecessors did. We've had two kings since 9/11. Then MbS visited Trump. My guess is that he told Trump that the Saudis were going to roll up all the networks funneling money into US politics. And Trump said, ""I'll support you 100 percent."" That's why there was such a lavish welcome for Trump in Saudi Arabia. Saudi money bought American politicians, BUT... It was also a protection racket. The Saudis were beholden to us. What's happened is that the Saudis have BROKEN AWAY and become a full-fledged, independent state, NOT an American protectorate. The Saudis are inviting in the Chinese and the Russians. Previous American president pressured them to not do that. Trump said, ""It's YOUR country. Who are we to dictate?"" While all of this was going on, Salman disbanded the religious police and began emancipating women. Salman also BROKE THE CHAIN OF SUCCESSION and made MbS crown prince. MbS is a HOLISTIC reformer-revolutionary. He reformed the military, and he's reforming the economy, social norms, and religion. It's clear that the Gulf Cooperation Council funded Israeli weapon development. The GCC may have given Israel as much as $5 trillion. That's why we have completely unidentified weapons. A hypersonic attack jet. I was able to calculate the speed at Mach 4.5. Kinetic bombardment. Rods From God. And that doesn't even count the strategic special forces that the Saudis created. They can win wars on their own. Part of this is pragmatism: The GCC is moving off oil, so it needs regional and internal stability to attract foreign investment. But part of it is a sincere desire for the region to get its act together and improve. It's one of the most benighted regions in the world. I think MbS sincerely wants improvement for its own sake. With MbS as king, the Iranian mullahs will be forced to leave, one way or another. But there will be no violent regional war. And after the mullahs, Iran and Saudis Arabia will have a rapprochement. Also, the clash between Islam and non-Muslims is over. Of course there will be a mopping up period, but as MbS said, the region wants to live as ""normal countries."" That's an admission of a problem. Abnormality. MbS has promised that Saudi Arabia will be a responsible member of the international order. I believe him..."
" What's one the hardest types of assaults? The oil fields were heavily guarded and booby trapped. They were captured intact. That means a surprise attack. Assad claims that the Islamic State was allowed to leave in exchange for not damaging the oil fields. No. What actually happened was that SOMEBODY with the ability to launch unstoppable surprise attacks took the fields. Remember the movie ""Aliens""? The troops were under a nuclear reactor, so they couldn't use their rifles. SOMEBODY has the ability to chase away terrorists without having to fire on them. As someone who studies assault troops, I'd love to know how things are being done. My imagination takes me only so far..."
" Okay. Mueller and Rosenstein are zeroing in on FISA abuses. ""A federal judge on Friday rejected a lawsuit that asked memos by former FBI Director James Comey be made public."" ""The Department of Justice argued releasing the memos 'might prematurely reveal . . . the nature, scope, direction and focus of its investigations' involving Russia's interference in the 2016 election."" ""U.S. District Judge James Boasberg agreed after speaking with an attorney from the Office of Special Counsel, though calling the entire situation 'rather unprecedented.'"" ""'It is not every day that an FBI Director feels the need to memorialize his conversations with a sitting President and then publicize that he did so,' Boasberg wrote in the judgement."" ""He said releasing the memos 'could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings.'"" The judge made his decision after speaking to a lawyer representing Special Counsel Robert Mueller. Therefore Mueller is investigating what Comey wrote about. We don't actually KNOW what Comey wrote about. We know what Comey SAID he wrote about, and we have anonymous sources telling us what Comey wrote about. Comey's memos was the impetus for the press to create a new kind of source: ""a person familiar with __________'s thinking."" I now see that all the time. So Mueller is investigating what Comey wrote about. Remember, Comey said Trump did this. I don't believe that for a second. But I ALSO don't believe that Comey would make it up. Here's the final piece of this puzzle: U.S. District Judge James Boasberg also sits on the FISC court. He issues FISA warrants. My guess is that what happened between 2009 and 2017 was FAR more nightmarish than someone using crappy dossiers to get a dodgy FISA warrant. But. It wasn't entire agencies doing this. All you'd need is one or two judges and a tiny handful of people who got their hands on the intelligence you wanted. So I'm stating that my theory is confirmed: The Nunes memo is strategic distraction, the DOJ is going for the gold, and the people we've told were ""dirty"" are actually not. Keep in mind that I have a VERY bad temper, so please don't ask me about ""good guys"" and ""bad guys."" I'm talking counterintelligence. This requires LYING. There was obviously abuse of FISA. It appears that the abuse was both far WORSE and far more LIMITED than we're been told. In other words, a few people did a LOT of damage. If you accept the notion that this or that person CURRENTLY in the Justice Department and FBI are committing crimes, it means you think Trump is unfit to be president. Trump can fire Sessions, Rosenstein, and Wray whenever he wants. He hasn't. So up until this moment, everything you're hearing has no more value than my own spitballing. Relax and enjoy the show. All will be well..."
" People are taking this SERIOUSLY? You're upset over THIS? Trump didn't want to be president? What can I even say? Trump planned his presidential run for forty years. He didn't expect to win? This entire book is WISH CASTING. On the Trump side, it's more strategic deception. This book was written by somebody who doesn't know anyth9ing about Donald Trump. Why would you let this bother you? This is a book for mental patients. It's a book to make Trump haters turn themselves inside out with earth-shattering orgasms. Someday someone needs to do a study on the utter faithlessness of Trump ""supporters."" "
" In reference to Hezbollah's activities in the US, as facilitated by the Obama administration. Here's what you should keep in mind: We have allies who are REALLY GOOD at being sneaky. Western military ""experts"" are completely unaware of our Arab allies' capabilities. You know what the Saudis are doing? Reaching out. Joshua Van Alstine. An American military brat. I saw a photo of a Saudi Special Forces brigadier general. He looked like this. The greatest strength of our Arab allies is their ability to infiltrate and pass unnoticed. They're getting better at it, because they're recruiting people who don't look Middle Eastern. Arrogance and bigotry cripple Iran and Hezbollah. When you're arrogant, you can be easily defeated. Another thing our Arab allies do is recruit people who don't APPEAR to be strategic special operators. New Zealand Special Air Service Corporal David Steven Askin died in a helicopter crash on February 15, 2017. He'd retired from the armed forces and was fighting fires. Askin completely looked the part of a special operator. This man went on TV, so I'll show him. He'd infiltrated Mosul in May of 2016. He has only one eye. With a big beard and a cane, he'd be invisible. Put THIS guy in the audience at a NASCAR race. He too would be invisible. The videos from Mosul show men with tattoos of Texas, Georgia, and Louisiana. If they learned to speak English with a Texan, Georgia, or Louisianan accent, they could disappear into our country. And they DO. It wouldn't be illegal for Saudis to come here and collect intelligence on Hezbollah. They'd hide it from the Obama administration, because they knew what Obama was up to. What's happening NOW is that someone is rolling up EVERYTHING Iran is doing. All over the world. We dodged the mother of all bullets. But it wasn't luck. It was the hard work of our Arab allies, who waited and hoped against hope that we'd come to our senses. We did, on November 20, 2016. We're going to find out just how bad things got. I thought Trump might not expose it all, but it's clear now that he will. So be it. Obama deserves all the exposure he's going to get. Who knows how many terrorist attacks our Arab allies stopped...?"
" Roy Moore. What do I myself concentrate on? The Gloria Allred press conference made me research the judge. BEFORE Allred's press conference, all I knew about the judge was the Ten Commandments issue. Allred turned me into a SUPPORTER of Judge Moore, despite the fact that he and I disagree about most if not all social issues. How could that be? Well, the judge had his life dismantled by corrupt politicians, judges, and lawyers. By adhering to his strict code of ethics, the judge ended up in Australia, as a cowboy. He spent all his own money running for judge in 1982. What does that tell you? He had no major donors. Despite setback after setback, the judge has NEVER quit. He's the most disciplined person I've ever encountered. People asked me to listen to an interview the judge did with Sean Hannity. The judge is a VERY old-fashioned man who finds it difficult to talk about his personal life. IT WASN'T DONE when he was a young man. I was not impressed with Hannity's interview. Here's how I would've interviewed the judge: ""How do you respond to these accusations?"" Then I would've let him speak until he was done. I would've asked followup questions based on what the judge said. Hannity allowed the interview to be shaped by Moore's opponents. The judge was in a no-win situation. Hannity is very up front that he's partisan. Yet he did NOTHING to help the judge navigate these uncharted waters. In over forty years, NOBODY EVER ACCUSED THE JUDGE OF PREYING ON UNDERAGE GIRLS. THAT MATTERS. In the political world, Judge Moore has more enemies than supporters. But they NEVER made these accusations before. NOW they say, ""Everybody knew."" But nobody said anything for FORTY YEARS. My brother watches TV, so sometimes I have to. It's agony. Today on Fox News, an anchor asked an auction-house CEO about a Francis Bacon painted estimated to sell fro $30-40 million. ""Is the painting so valuable because Francis Bacon was such a famous 16th century artist?"" the anchor asked. The painting is by Francis Bacon (October 28, 1909 – April 28, 1992). The anchor was talking about Francis Bacon, 1st Viscount St Alban (January 22, 1561 – April 9, 1626) an English philosopher, statesman, scientist, jurist, orator, and author. NO FACT CHECKING. Not only that, the anchor is completely ignorant of both the painter AND the 16th century all-around genius. When I was a music journalist, I RESEARCHED the people I was going to interview. Nobody does that anymore. So when people tell me what Hannity or Judge Pirro say, it doesn't means anything to me. Fox News has a global viewership of 2.1 million people in prime time. All that matters RIGHT NOW is the voters of Alabama. If you support Roy Moore, make damn sure that he's elected. You'll be sending an INCREDIBLY POWERFUL message to everyone who's trying their hardest to stop the judge. The press is now going into the minutiae, in an attempt to distract you. This is the BIG PICTURE: One: Roy Moore has ZERO HISTORY of pursuing underage girls. Two: Roy Moore HAS A HISTORY of taking on powerful forces of corruption and having his butt handed to him. But he NEVER STOPS. Three: Roy Moore HAS A HISTORY of iron discipline and self-control, going all the way to the Vietnam War. Four: The accusations against Moore DO NOT STAND UP TO SCRUTINY. These are the only things you really need to know. Moore has lost more fights than he's won, but he never gives up, and he isn't bitter. I simply DO NOT BELIEVE THE ACCUSATIONS. They are completely out of character. If you look at the big picture and ignore the BAD-FAITH attempts to mislead you, all will be well. Not one person has said, ""I like the judge, but he's guilty of doing terrible things."" The accusations are supported by people who despise Moore. I don't personalize politics. For me, it's not a question of liking or disliking, agreeing or disagreeing. Roy Moore is being railroaded. There's no doubt. The only people who can stop this are the voters of Alabama. If you elect the judge, you will create a political earthquake. AND you will have a senator who never lies to you. So I see it as all good..."
" Let me save all of you DEEPLY CONCERNED citizens a whole bunch of time and money. US Special Forces are SOLDIERS. This was a 12-man Operational Detachment Alpha or A Team on an Advise and Assist mission. THIS particular A Team had patrolled the same area 29 times. They had never made contact with enemy forces. Since Special Forces are MILITARY PROFESSIONALS, they made their own decisions on what they needed. Brace for a shock: The president of the United States doesn't personally command 12-man A Teams. Unlike in Benghazi, these PROFESSIONAL WARRIORS saw no signs of danger. Nobody hung them out to dry. In Benghazi, the people who died had alerted the Obama administration multiple times that there was a gathering threat. The warnings were ignored. Back to Niger. The firefight lasted 30 minutes. By that time, French attack aircraft were on scene, along with French commandos. In Benghazi, there were TWO terrorist attacks over an EIGHT HOUR PERIOD. No aircraft or reinforcements were sent. In Niger, the 12-man A Team fought its way out of an ambush by 50+ terrorists armed with crew-served weapons. We lost four men. The French and Niger forces remained on the ground for 48 hours until the found the body of Sergeant Johnson. In Benghazi, THE AMBASSADOR went missing, but the president and Secretary of State disappeared. So, to recap: American soldiers on an Advise and Assist mission were ambushed. The men had patrolled the area 29 times. Nobody is more capable of determining threats than US Special Forces. THEY made the decisions regarding their vehicles. In Benghazi, the decisions were TAKEN OUT OF THE HANDS of the people on the ground, despite their warnings. Your demand for hearings is being made in bad faith or astonishing ignorance. I'll do something YOU would never do: I didn't support Presidents Clinton and Obama, and I admit that THEY AREN'T TO BLAME for Mogadishu and Extortion 17. You are DEEPLY immoral person who uses fallen soldiers as political props. An old-fashioned statement: You should be ashamed of yourself."
" Okay, Justin. Since you're lying, I'm going to block you. But first I'll debunk your lies. We were OUT OF IRAQ in 2011. Flag-wavin', beef-eatin', Ron Paul smoochin' patriots like you WANTED that. GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? The Iraqi army disintegrated twice, resulting in IRAN going in and starting up the sectarian slaughters again. So we were looking at REGIONAL FRIGGING, Mr. Patriot. That impacts EVERYTHING. How would you like to pay $30 a gallon for gas? So we used air power in Iraq. The damage YOU showed is the result of the Iraqis fighting the Islamic State. The damage you showed in Yemen is the result of multiple civil wars that date back to 1994. One was called ""Operation Scorched Earth."" Not us. Yemenis. The damage you showed in Syria is 100 percent the result of Assad and the Russians dropping dumb bombs on everyone EXCEPT the Islamic State. We didn't do that. And as you recall in Libya, the US ""led from behind."" That was a NATO debacle. I DESPISE liars. You make me sick. Goodbye. ADDENDUM: I made a funny without knowing it. In No. 3, I meant to write ""regional frigging war,"" but a ""regional frigging"" is just as accurate. It would have DEFINITELY been a regional frigging..."
" ALL RIGHT. Kazeroon city, Kazeroon County, Fars Province, Iran. The cops fail to prevent this protest. Did you see what happened? Center of the screen. Cop with a riot shield attacks. The cop uses his baton on the man in black in the center of the screen. They struggle for exactly one second. Then we see that the man in black has effortlessly disarmed the cop. Took his baton right out out of his hand in exactly one second. With his left hand, the man in black shoves the cop all the way across the pavement. I studied martial arts for years. If you apply steady force to keep someone off balance, they can't do anything to you. They're expending all their energy in trying to keep from falling. That was the sweetest move I've ever seen. Disarmed the cop with one hand and rendered him useless with the other. See? The Iranians are being SMART. By rising up without weapons, they can't be called terrorists...."
" There's a lot of talk about the US ""creating"" an Arab force in Syria to replace Americans. So it's time to revisit this video, the only known footage of a Gulf Cooperation Council commando attack. Looking at it again, I see things that I missed before. The ""bushes"" are computer animation. They did that to conceal how the commandos emerged. This guy knelt and used a very large communication device. Has to be a satellite phone, but one that can talk to Riyadh. The back of THIS guy's giant flak vest is painted red. He's signalling the progress of the assault. Either someone is watching with binoculars or a drone. Over 100 men went through the breach in the wall in about two minutes. THAT is amazing. Iraqi commandos. The man second from the left has taken off his outer flak vest, but he's still wearing the inner vest. These guys are trained and equipped to survive a massive volume of fire poured onto them. I don't have any casualty figures for GCC and Iraqi commandos, but there's no evidence that large numbers of them are dying, despite their aggressive, risky tactics. Remember when the US killed Osma bin Laden? The unit that carried out the mission is the US Naval Special Warfare Development Group (NSWDG), called DEVGRU or SEAL Team Six. Joe Biden publicly identified the unit less than 24 hours after the mission. GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? Three months later CH-47 Chinook helicopter--Call Sign ""Extortion 17""--was shot down in Afghanistan. Fifteen of the 38 killed were members of DEVGRU. An anonymous Afghan government official said that shooting down of Extortion 17 was an elaborate trap. Two former US military officers agreed. I personally can't say. BUT. The bin Laden mission exposed INCREDIBLE amounts of classified information. The Obama administration and the SEALs themselves would not stop yapping about it. We don't have any solid information about any GCC commando unit. And there's virtually no footage. So whatever happens, WE won't be arranging it. They're perfectly capable of putting uniforms on the men who have been in Syria since 2012..."
" Not true. I lived in Tokyo for five years. That taught me everything about anime. ""2d girls versus 3d girls."" Narita International Airport is known as ""Divorce Airport"" because of the enormous number of couples who return from their honeymoons and immediately get divorced. Japanese women cite the pathological obsession that men have for 2D girls. Every male aroused by anime has a problem. Every male aroused by anime girls has a problem. The goal is to make REAL women seen as disgusting. You can see this everywhere. It's an actual campaign. YOU can do whatever you want. But you can't make up your own facts. I saw this happening in Japan THIRTY YEARS AGO. The US is following the same pattern. You what the end result is? The collapse of the birth rate. Just like in Japan. The US military discovered something in Afghanistan. Men had been brainwashed into thinking that women were filthy. As a result, men were not interested in having sex with women. Ask any American who served in Afghanistan. They were all hit on by men. Constantly. Because women are viewed as filthy. What's the logical endpoint of choosing 2d girls over 3d or REAL girls? Well, you can see for yourself. Turn off your ""safe search,"" go to Google Images, and look up ""futanari."" ADULTS ONLY. I didn't just arbitrarily decide that anime is poison. That opinion evolved after five years in the society that CREATED anime. The Japanese were the most sexually dysfunctional people I've ever met. I'm the only heterosexual westerner who lived in Japan and never dated a Japanese woman. They were from another planet. If I were a young man, THIS would be my ideal. A lanky, rangy tomboy with no makeup. YOU can consume anime. I myself despise it..."
" The war in Syria will end only one way. Then in the photo is Brigadier General Issam Zahreddine. Last month he was a rising star ins Syria. Now he's dead. Assad is relying on warlords, not actual soldiers. The article above is good, but--as always--it ignores the military capabilities of the Gulf Cooperation Council. The world views the Syrian conflict as follows: Assad, Russia, Hezbollah, and Iran versus the United States. That's incorrect. The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) is leading the war against both jihadist terrorists AND Bashar al-Assad. Issam Zahreddine solved all his problems with massive artillery barrages. He killed Marie Colvin for reporting on his war crimes. The world refuses to accept that high-explosive artillery rounds are the most inhumane weapons ever created. The round shatters into razor-sharp pieces. These rounds produce ""steel rain."" Issam Zahreddine and Suheil al-Hassan saturated civilian centers with high-explosive artillery. Now Zahreddine is dead, and al-Hassan has a new body double. Totally different ears. There were lots of questions about Zahreddine. This is what happened when he ""rescued"" Syrian forces in Deir Ezzor. ""Allahu akbar."" ""Takbir!"" ""Allahu akbar!"" Iran and Hezbollah lost ALL of their highest-ranking commanders in Syria. Pakistanis have been killed. Thais. These people are all war criminals. They use indiscriminate weaponry, such as artillery. Issam Zahreddine is said to have been killed by a land mine. Bull. He was was located, and then a little SOMETHING took him out. How was he located? Like this. Those devices are autonomous. They fly too fast to be under the control of humans. This is what happens when someone is located. NOT a hand-grenade pin, as I'll show you. The second the target steps clear of the crowd, he's hit behind his head with a miniature missile. This is a fuel-air explosive, so there's no steel rain. The target is killed with blast effect. Here's the magic part: The explosive vapor enveloped the target and blew up INWARD. The guy was CRUNCHED to death. Nobody around him was scratched. The videos show that directed blast waves are used pretty much daily. The blast wave was directed STRAIGHT DOWN. The cloud of vapor in fuel-air explosives is first dispersed in the shape you want, and then you detonate it from the AREA you want. So you disperse a cloud that envelops a man, and then you detonate it from the outside in. CRUNCH! The future is HERE. Right NOW. And the future is fighting on OUR side..."
" I'm REALLY tired of the inability to think. Let's go back to Charlottesville. Remember the armed militia? That photo above was taken at the moment they realized that they had to retreat. Why did they have to retreat? The armed militia had to retreat because Antifia kept coming. Rifles meant nothing, because nobody was willing--rightfully--to shoot people dead. Having militia there was a STUPID IDEA. Either the militia would shoot people, or they would retreat in humiliation. THIS is what happened, despite the militia. The militia EMPOWERED Antifia. And now, YOU are demanding that Trump make the same mistake that the militia made in Charlottesville. You will NEVER have faith that Trump is doing things behind the scenes. Instead, you want PUBLIC FAILURE. I will never understand your mindset. People are trying to SET UP Trump, and you're DEMANDING that he walk into the trap. You don't see the big picture, and my guess is you never will. Don't tag me into more bitching about the same things over and over and over. I've had enough..."
" ""Don't say anything insulting to our friend. Don't say a word about him uncovering his head."" The man has an Israeli VOIP phone, and he covers his head indoors. If he's a Jewish Iraqi, he uncovered his head in order to not cause friction in a Muslim environment. The camera operators were civilians embedded with the military. They interviewed the people they filmed. When the old commando uncovered his head, the two men looked VERY sharply at the camera operator. They were saying, ""Don't ask him if he's Jewish."" Commandos are a closed community. The man on the left looks upset that the old commando uncovered his head. The Iraqis have admitted that their men trained in Jordan. I'm sure they trained in Saudi Arabia and the UAE too. But what if they trained in Israel? What if they bonded with Israeli commandos? Those three young men are easily some of the most intimidating warriors I've ever seen. The old commando seems easy going. But maybe the young men are upset that Jews were chased from Iraq. My reading of the scene is that the young men are very protective of the old commando. In other videos, the old commando led the way in rescuing human shields. Maybe the young men feel guilty that the old commando was chased from his homeland but came back to help. At any rate, I feel that they all care for him deeply, which is why they reacted sharply when he uncovered his head..."
" Earlier I wrote about Americans thinking that they live in a movie. This thread will tie multiple loose ends together. The key to happiness is to not personalize ANYTHING. Marilyn Monroe was a literal genius. She had a massively high IQ. Her best quote: ""I'm always running into other peoples' unconscious."" Monroe never had a chance. Her childhood, the era in which she lived, and her own weaknesses doomed her. She didn't learn from her own observations. Everyone took Monroe PERSONALLY. Men wanted her, and women both wanted to BE her AND destroy her. I grew up as a patsy. A target. My psychiatrist delivered his verdict on our final day together: ""I've done all I can for you. Since your patterns are so ingrained, the best you can hope for in life is to recognize FASTER that once again, you've gotten yourself into another abusive relationship."" That's one o the reasons that I'm a hermit. But I'm not a SAD hermit. Or an ANGRY hermit. I don't take my life personally. Most people on social media take EVERYTHING personally. They get angry at you for expressing certain ideas. Their anger has everything to do with THEM and not the idea. So I don't CARE about their anger. I get angry when people say that the FBI is going to murder the president. They say they have inside information. The result is mass hysteria. I get angry at LIES, not at IDEAS. So, many of you know that Imperator Rex is not here right now. Now, I know his real identity, but he said nothing to me. Social media is dangerous in the sense that it makes you think you KNOW somebody. You actually DON'T. Let me tell you what happened to me. Remember Royal Jordanian Air Force pilot Lieutenant Moath Youssef al-Kasasbeh? The Islamic State murdered him. But they didn't burn him to death. I proved that the two videos were hoaxes. Now, does it MATTER that I said the two videos are hoaxes? Of course not. I'm nobody. But I had a devoted follower from the UK who disagreed with me. First he argued with me on Twitter, and then he began sending me gigantic e-mails that were totally incomprehensible. He said he was a welder and an engineer, so he tried to overwhelm me with jargon. I never let other people tell me what to think after I've proven to myself that I'm right. The fact is that the continuity errors in the videos prove that they are hoaxes. End of story. Well, my British follower then began attacking me on Twitter, calling me a fraud and a paid disinformation agent. I lost count of how many times I blocked him when he made new accounts. Here in California there was this legendary mental patient who called all the radio talk shows. He'd begin as a totally rational person, and then he'd say that Stephen King murdered John Lennon. This went on for almost 20 years. All untreated mental illness gets worse, so the guy eventually went to the east coast, parked a van in front of Stephen King's house, and harassed him with a bullhorn. THIS guy is another legendary mental patient. Beginning in 2002, he blew up the Internet claiming that the US Army's IAV Stryker was a conspiracy to get soldiers killed. My own mental patient--the British guy who suddenly hated me for saying that the Jordanian pilot videos were hoaxes--began popping up EVERYWHERE, like the Stephen King-John Lennon mental patient. The British guy contacted the Israeli press, the Arab press, and everyone I'd ever done business with. He was relentless. It didn't actually mean anything, because by that time, I was no longer interested in selling books. But he contacted my publishers multiple times. And then it all stopped. Let me tell you something that you can take any way you want. From the summer of 2014 until September of 2015, I was harassed nonstop by Jew-haters, terrorist supporters, and Nazis. It all ended on the same day. Every single person on Twitter who had harassed me? They all deleted their accounts. Some have come back. They leave me alone. In June of 2015, I began writing about the Gulf Cooperation Council. By August I was writing that the GCC would save the Middle East. And in September, all the online harassment stopped. My brother used to go jogging in the evenings. Sometime in September of 2015, as he was waiting at a stoplight, a black Cadillac Escalade SUV stopped in front of him, and the front passenger window rolled down. The SUV was full of young, very fit olive-skinned men who were all smiling. The man in the front seat said, ""Hello!"" to my brother. My brother said--warily--""Hello."" Then the SUV took off. My brother went to college in London. He said he could tell by just that one word that the men were Arabs. It made me feel...great. This is why I think it's important to NOT be negative, NOT always criticize, and NOT take anything personally. I write what I write for the benefit of OTHERS. And in one day, every single harasser disappeared. Social media can be a trap, but if you use it the right way, it can also be a boon to you and everyone else. So don't take anything personally, but keep an open mind. Amazing things can happen..."
" Escobar was like a crazier bin Laden. He set off massive car bombs in Bogota. Entire city blocks were leveled. Escobar also created a corps of suicide assassins. He scoured the slums for teenagers who he plied with sex and drugs. The kids then went in and killed politicians and were then themselves killed by security. There's an old saying that it's impossible to stop someone who's willing to die to get you. Escobar created nihilistic, suicidal robots. Escobar surrendered at some point, and them built him a mountain villa where he'd be ""imprisoned."" Of course he kept running his cartel, only now the cops weren't interfering. I've read that ALL the cartels in all Latin American countries use this approach: ""Do what we want, or we'll kill you. And here's a briefcase with $1 million in cash."" SOMEBODY is killing South American cartel leaders connected to Middle Eastern terrorist groups. They're ambushed by the most skilled gunmen I've ever seen. In both videos I've seen, the ambushes were over in 30 seconds. One Brazilian narco-terrorist was protected by the Brazilian, Paraguayan, and Argentinian armies. Jorge ""Saddam"" Rafaat Toumani. Forty-seven bodyguards in eight vehicles. Rafaat Toumani was driving this SUV. Nearly all of the bodyguards were killed. The vehicles were hit only the glass. The mopping up. Double taps. In the other video, a rifleman and a man with a small-caliber pistol ambush the narco-terrorist. They're using subsonic ammunition. When the terrorist is down, one gunman pulls a large-caliber pistol and empties it into the terrorist's head. The rifleman removes the empty magazine, pulls a fresh one from his front pocket, and changes magazines--all with his left hand. And he does it while walking. How can someone change a magazine while still holding the empty magazine in the same hand? The rifleman checks the guy's pulse, and then they leave. Over in 30 seconds. I look back at Escobar and marvel at how much he was allowed to get away with how it took an army to kill him. Today, teams of three are killing men who were FAR more powerful and dangerous than Escobar. My guess is that the killers all have family names that begin with ""al-""."
" I'm dedicating multiple posts to disproving the new leftist talking point, that a semiautomatic rifle makes a person invincible. The French anti-terror police unit Recherche, Assistance, Intervention, Dissuasion (RAID) is famous for the men using pistols. On January 9, 2015, RAID engaged and killed an Islamic State terrorist armed with TWO fully automatic assault rifles. The gun battle took place at point-blank range. RAID practices marksmanship almost daily. The officers shot the terrorist in both arms, causing him to let go on his rifles. THIS shows you the incredible marksmanship of the officers. The terrorist dove between them, and they shot him in midair, without creating a crossfire. They shot him all the way down to the ground. No crossfire. The French Groupe d'intervention de la Gendarmerie nationale (GIGN) also uses pistols against assault rifles. And finally, two Saudi beat cops armed only with pistols versus a terrorist with an assault rifle on full automatic. The GUN doesn't matter. Training and courage are what make the difference..."
" makes a point. THAT'S THE POINT. This is the storm. Why can't be stopped? Because every member of his administration is autonomous. This is a first in American history. In Iraq, the Saudi-trained soldiers fought in ""combined-arms micro teams."" One tank, one bulldozer, one gunship, one infantry squad, one antitank squad, and one sniper squad. Their mission was ""Suppress, Obscure, Secure, Reduce and Assault (SOSRA). In the videos, the Iraqi generals mostly LISTENED. The generals had OVERALL control, but the micro teams were autonomous. Trump has delegated nearly ALL his authority to subordinates. Nikki Haley is ON HER OWN. She's her own boss. She follows Trump's agenda. HOW she does it is her own business. This is how Trump managed his business empire, and it's how he's running his presidency. Trump lets his subordinates DO THEIR JOB. Remember how every time Obama stepped on his own tallywhacker and tripped himself up? What did his toadies always say? ""The US is too big for any one person to run."" Well, DUH. That's why Trump DELEGATED. And THAT'S why the Storm has hit. There's too much happening on too many fronts for Trump's enemies to oppose it. And that's by design. People are STILL not convinced that Trump is the real thing AND that he's qualified. That's why you refuse to quit your sieve. I don't care if you're USED to wearing a sieve. It's DUMB. Stop it. And stop trying to micromanage Trump. You can't do it. NOBODY can. And that's why he's going to be the best president in our history. By far..."
" I didn't actually know anything about , since he's a total failure. He was a foreign-policy adviser to Obama. But I looked at a lot of photos, and I saw that this guy has ""flat affect."" He's not capable of expressing emotions with his face. God knows what THIS is supposed to be. He just looks like a thuggish android. The first murderer identified with DNA was a British man named Colin Pitchfork. He raped and murdered two girls: Lynda Mann and Dawn Ashworth. Pitchfork paid a man to donate his OWN blood when the cops asked 5500 men to voluntarily allows themselves to be DNA fingerprinted. A woman reported this to the police, and Pitchfork was arrested. He confessed to over 1000 sexual crimes, mostly exposing himself and some form of assault. The police matched his DNA to the samples found on the two dead girls. I read a book about this. Here's what I always remembered: The cops said that Pitchfork had UTTERLY FLAT AFFECT. He was like a robot. Pitchfork tried to talk his way out of being charged, but he was completely unable to muster the correct facial expressions. He understood the CONCEPT of sorrow, but he smiled when he was supposed to be sad. He also frowned when he was supposed to be happy. Flat affect is a warning sign. publicly wishes death on others BECAUSE HE THINKS IT'S NORMAL. He has no idea how to be human. That's also why Rhodes was a total failure as a foreign-policy adviser. A man who feels no normal emotions is incapable of formulating humane policy. This is why Rhodes wanted Iran to have nuclear weapons. There are A LOT of Obama administration officials with flat affect. The president himself suffers from it when he forgets to act for the cameras. This is his REAL expression. Eric Holder. Valerie Jarrett. Joe Biden had perfected his fake smile by time he was 20. This is SO ABNORMAL. In 1961, people recognized abnormality. This is a HORROR FILM, not the vice president. We need to turn back the clock to the era BEFORE abnormality was first mainstreamed and then made desirable. Normal people don't publicly wish for the deaths of those who disagree with them. This is a face to beware. Don't elect people like this. Nothing good comes from it... "
" Remember I told you about our relative Curtis Yarnell Kimball? In the photo, he's being personally awarded a medal by British Field Marshal Bernhard Montgomery, Munich, April of 1945. Curtis spoke such fluent German that he could pass for a native. He belonged to the 129th Infantry Regiment, which fought in the Pacific. But there you see Curtis in Munich. I told you that in 1951, Curtis was attached as a Lieutenant Colonel to the United States Mission to the Imperial Iranian Gendarmerie. I can't identify the award Curtis wears above his medals. It's not a Combat Infantryman Badge. Curtis complained that the State Department completely screwed up the Mission to the Imperial Iranian Gendarmerie. As a result, Curtis was shipped home in 1954, and his career was basically ruined. Well, yesterday I re-joined , after several years' absence. You know that old threat from movies? ""Tomorrow you'll be ___________ in Alaska."" That's what the army did to Curtis. Terre-Haute Tribune Star, December 3, 1961, page 70, columns 1-3. ""North Pole Too Warm for Tests."" And the the rest. This is the first I'm hearing of this. Makes me pretty angry... ADDENDUM: This is the Airborne Glider Badge. Thanks to Fascinating. Curtis was attached to a glider or airborne unit. He went to Germany in 1937 and joined the Nazi Party. My guess--given his perfect German--is that he was parachuted into Germany sometime before D-Day. His activities are classified. I filed a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request but was turned down."
" What do you do if you find yourself in this situation? Murder-suicide is about POWER. The attempted murderer was getting off on the power he was exerting over his ex-girlfriend. She backed away and begged him to not shoot her. This is a special kind of evil. You can't talk them out of it. The SECOND you see the gun or ANY sign of violence, you charge him. You run at him as fast and as hard as you can. If you can knock him over, then you can get up and run like the wind. If you CAN'T get up, you tear out his eyes. You go berserk. You get ANGRY. What have you got to lose? He's an animal. He's there to ""punish"" you for making him feel less of a man. The attempted murderer was 55 years old. His victim is much younger and FAR more attractive. Before he shot her, he said, ""You treat me worse than a dog."" He was a cartoon character, his head full of fantasies. Yesterday I wrote a couple of threads on very skilled soldiers killing South American Hezbollah financiers. I explained that ultra-macho poseurs would come after me for writing my posts. They would belittle me. GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? Twitter PROVES that when it comes to issues of guns and violence, women can always outwit men. ALWAYS. Women aren't crippled by machismo. So if you ever find yourself confronted by a self-pitying cartoon poseur, YOU CAN DEFEAT HIM, even if he's armed and you're not. If you run at him as hard as you can and knock him down, you can escape. If you fall to the ground on top of him, you can put out his eyes. The secret is to not be afraid. ""Anger is an energy."" --Johnny Rotten"
" Two male Iranian Instagram stars eat and drink in competition. Another one. I think this tattoo says, ""Mother God Sex Funny."" Social media and travel are making dictatorships impossible. When you think of Iran, do you think of stuff like this...?"
" Russia is STILL trying to implement the Algerian Strategy: making the terrorists such a threat that the locals will beg Russia to stop. This is how Iran controlled Iraq. The Iranians HELPED the Islamic State so that Iraq would surrender to Iran. Hezbollah and Assad are Iranian puppets. Therefore Iran ordered them to let the terrorists go. The terrorists were on their way to Iraq. For the first time ever, we interfered in one of these Muslim-duplicity deals. We bombed the road, stopped the buses. Then we bombed any vehicles attempting rescue of the terrorists. We allowed food and water to be brought, which means our allies were on the ground, searching the vehicles. Six of the buses turned around, but 11 just sat there. The Russians demanded that we let the buses advance. We told the Russians to go pound salt. Now Assad's forces have advanced past the buses, so the terrorists are Assad's problem again. The terrorists are in Syrian-held territory again. If they come toward Iraq again, we'll bomb them again. By the way, the EXTREMELY loud protests by Iraq PROVE that Iraq is now free from Iran. The Iranians arranged the free passage o the terrorist into Iraq. For Iraq to refuse means they're now free. How were they freed? The Saudis killed every Iranian officer in Iraq. The message was heard in Tehran."
" points out the difference between me and Hollywood leftists. I'm watching Iran like a hawk, trying to figure out what's happening. I THINK we're seeing a slow, gradual revolution that is allowing regime forces AND frightened citizens to join in. If this is happening, it's never before been attempted. Are the Iranians capable of doing it? ABSOLUTELY. I judge people by their actions. Nothing else. Therefore if I SEE something, it never occurs to me to think, ""But these are Iranians!"" ""But these are Arabs!"" ""But these are Cameroonians!"" Let's look at the Cameroonians. They have the Rapid Response Brigade (BIR). Some of the best soldiers on earth. Trained by the US and Israel. Their faces. If you think, ""Those guys look VERY squared away,"" you'd be right. They've SLAUGHTERED Boko Haram, one of the most savage of the Islamic State franchises. ""Boko Haram"" means ""Western Education is Forbidden."" Monsters. All I look at is results. The Cameroonian BIR are brilliant soldiers. Period. So I look at the Middle East, and I see...centuries of brilliance. CAN the Iranians pull off a revolution with no precedent in human history? OF COURSE. is--ALREADY--our greatest president because he doesn't see anything except results. Trump is at home in a palace or in a tent. He respects a tribal chieftain as much as he respects a prime minister. So if somebody says to Trump, ""This is our plan,"" he DOES NOT THINK, ""Oh, boy! I'm worried that they can't pull it off, because they're, you know, THOSE PEOPLE."" I read something years ago about Bono of U2. He attended a conference on poverty as an AUDIENCE MEMBER. An African government adviser said, ""You can't hold tools in your hands if you're already holding a begging bowl."" GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? Bono stood up and shouted, ""BULLSH*T!"" Then he marched up on stage, TOOK OVER the conference, and gave an impassioned plea for...endless poverty. Bono and his wife did a Louis Vuitton ad campaign in Africa. Africa and Africans are PROPS for Bono. If Africans get their act together, Bono can't pose as a great humanitarian anymore. UNLIKE Bono and Hollywood, I see only PEOPLE. Are they different? HELL YES! But so what? I want them all to live long, happy, prosperous, safe lives. We and the Israelis trained the Cameroonian BIR, and then they went to work. They're winning. THEY KNOW WHAT THEY'RE DOING. Those men don't have begging bowls in their hands. They have rifles and machine guns..."
" Want to see what ""no leaks"" looks like? This is during a major conflict that began March 26, 2015. ""The Saudi-led Arab Coalition in Yemen revealed that 83 ballistic missiles have been fired by Houthi militia forces towards the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia."" How many have we heard of? Five? ""Col al-Maliki told reporters at the King Salman air base, that the legitimate government in Yemen currently controls 85 percent of country’s territory."" That means that NOT A SINGLE ANALYST IN THE WORLD knows what he or she is talking about. The Coalition took back all of that territory in TOTAL SECRECY. Operations security (OPSEC) is airtight. ""He added that Behan Directorate has been completely liberated from the militant Houthi forces. Stating that more than 11,000 Houthi militia members had been killed in operations and strikes recently."" This explains how the ground operations suddenly kicked into high gear. The Houthis are trained by Iran and Hezbollah. This is the Iranian-Hezbollah-Houthi defensive doctrine: They create gigantic minefields several miles wide. They set up fighting posts with heavy machine guns, light cannons, rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, recoilless rifles, and antitank guided missiles. Just to make sure you understand: These are heavy machine guns, light cannons, and rocket-propelled grenades. Mortar, recoilless rifle, and antitank guided missile. Then artillery is placed BEHIND the fighting posts. Finally, the Houthis have tactical ballistic missiles. ONE such missile can kill hundreds of men. The Houthis created earthen berms that provide cover for the fighting positions. So: minefield five miles deep, fighting positions, artillery, and ballistic missiles. And the Coalition rammed through these defenses in exactly one day. And 11,000 Houthis were killed. Guess what? Lebanese Hezbollah has identical defenses. The GCC can take them out in one day. This is what Israel reported in 2015. The Israelis said they'd evacuate a million people in 24 hours. That's IMPOSSIBLE. You'd need hundreds of thousands of transport aircraft. What ACTUALLY happened was a military exercise that would take out all of Hezbollah's defenses in 24 hours. And my guess is that the Israelis WATCHED while the GCC practiced. And now we saw it done in Yemen. IN TWO PLACES. These ground offensives were carried out simultaneously. Tanks, light armored vehicles, and self-propelled artillery took part. The Houthis are in total collapse. And it took exactly one day. Lebanese Hezbollah should voluntarily disarm. They don't have a chance against the Saudis and their allies. So: Are you impressed yet? You should be. WE couldn't do what the GCC just did. But they'll teach us... asked about clearing minefields from the air. I did some quick research, and GUESS WHAT? A minefield can be cleared with shock waves. Therefore a fuel-air explosive (FAE) or a sonic boom could do it. Clearing a minefield with shock waves would take only seconds, and then your ground forces could race forward... ADDENDUM: I found a patent for exactly the aerial mine-clearing method I described to . Basically, a low-flying aircraft releases an ""explosive array."" Think of an aircraft banner. Now turn it horizontally and fill it with explosives. You drop it on the minefield and set it off. So we now have multiple FAST ways of clearing minefields. The Coalition ground offensives in Yemen took one day each. THAT is fast..."
" asks a question. See, this shows you the sheer corruption and evil of the Iranian mullacracy. The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) protects the Islamic revolution. They do so by smashing the faces of Iranians and by attacking those who stray too close to Iran. The Quds Force (Jerusalem Force) is the unit within the IRGC responsible for activities outside the borders of Iran. The commander of the Quds Force was Major General Qassem Suleimani, who was killed in Syrian in November of 2015. This is the last known photo of him. The Iranians fostered the impression that the Quds Force was the best special-operations unit on earth, but this is bunk. All you have to do is look at the eight-year nightmare of the Iran-Iraq war. Then look at the six-year nightmare of the Syrian Civil War. Qassem Suleimani was a master at murdering unarmed civilians. When it came to facing Arab commandos, Suleimani lost his head. LITERALLY! The Iranians claim he's still alive, but he hasn't said a word about Donald Trump. He is an ex-terrorist. The Iranian mullahs are a mafia. They get most of their money from criminal enterprises such as narcotics, weapon smuggling, money laundering, extortion, counterfeiting, and so on. AND the Iranians carry out acts of mass-casualty terrorism, using car bombs and other forms of explosives. Remember the hospitals of Aleppo? Here's what ACTUALLY happened in Aleppo. I can't remember who said this about Jon Stewart, but it was correct: ""Clown nose on, clown nose off."" Jon Stewart presented himself as a serious political commentator, but if you took issue, he'd say, ""Hey, I'm just an entertainer!"" The Iranian mullahs present themselves as pious guardians of the Islamic faith, but they're actually just criminals. Their days of criminality are coming to an end."
" I'll admit that I was personally invested in Roy Moore winning. The REASON I was personally invested is that Roy Moore was the victim of the most horrific political hit job in American history. You'll never find another person so viciously abused and so thoroughly abandoned. This was like the ""Ox Bow Incident,"" a movie about the blood lust of the mob. I'd hoped that Moore would win and then go on to drive his tormentors insane. See, I'm a very vengeful, unforgiving person. I recommend that you tread lightly for a few days. It's quite possible that I may start speaking my mind. I'll probably take a day or so off Twitter, just because I'm not in the mood to chat. The politics of all this didn't actually matter that much to me. I just can't abide mob action. It really does make me want to kill. So I'll take tomorrow off and see if things look better in a day or so."
" Thread on the charges against General Flynn. MUELLER asked the court to grant Flynn ALL OF THE EVIDENCE used in the case against him. Mueller and Flynn's legal team ARE IN AGREEMENT. Flynn's legal team can share the information with others DIRECTLY INVOLVED in the case. Muller's motion tells us many things: One, Mueller is doing his job. Everyone demanding that he be fired now has egg all over his beet-red face. Two, Mueller thinks that the charges against Flynn were filed based on a corrupt process. I've been saying for a long time that Flynn GOT HIMSELF ARRESTED by creating an EMPTY PRETEXT for the FBI to go after him. Three, Mueller thinks that others were screwed by the corrupt FISA process, which is why he doesn't oppose Flynn's team sharing the evidence with others DIRECTLY IMPACTED by the abuses. Here's what Flynn did: He engaged in actions, and then his allies fed the press LIES that these actions were illegal. The publication of these accusations gave corrupt FBI agents the cover to go after Flynn. We're seen from the Strzok-Page communications that these are VERY mediocre people who HATE conservatives. They're like teenagers. Flynn knew that with just the right goading, these people would overreach--because leftist fanatics ALWAYS overreach. But Flynn had to GET INTO THE SYSTEM and become a target himself. Now his defense team--aided by Mueller--gets all of the evidence. So do others. The Obama administration is being assaulted on several fronts. Sessions, Rosenstein, Mueller, Horowitz, the Senate, the House...and Susan Rice. One final point: General Flynn's BROTHER set up the legal defense fund. The general didn't do it himself, and he didn't know his brother was going to do it. Everything I've said about General Flynn comes from my own rickety brain. I've never spoken to him, and my brief communications to his family have been about his innocence, nothing else. So there's no point in asking anyone to confirm anything. If everything I've said is true, it will never be confirmed. I MYSELF made a SWAG: Scientific Wild-Assed Guess. I knew for a fact that General Flynn would neither betray the country nor try to enrich himself by selling us out, so there HAD to be something else behind his actions. The answer--TO ME--is everything that's unrolling now. Flynn tricked the corrupt elements of the government into going after him. And now he has the goods. As a spook, Flynn will be able to tell his lawyers what stinks like rotten fish in the FISA process. And THAT is why Trump chose Flynn. Spooks spook. That's all they do. Now that Flynn has the goods, it's only a matter of time before absolutely everything comes out. Put 'er there, pal. We did it... ADDENDUM: I'm getting Clintonesque parsing of words. Mueller's document asks that the government PROTECT the evidence given to Flynn, but Mueller did not OPPOSE giving the evidence to Flynn. Hence the word ""UNOPPOSED."" Mueller AGREES with the court that Flynn's lawyers should get all the evidence THAT THEY HAD NOT SEEN BEFORE. That's what's important... ADDENDUM TWO: Lawyers are doing what they do best, which is to obfuscate. Confuse. LIE BY OMISSION. The order to hand over all the evidence to Flynn is the START OF A PROCESS. The niggling details of THIS court order don't matter. What happens from THIS POINT ON is what matters. Let's ask our leftist lawyers friends: What happens if the charges against Flynn are thrown out, due to the corruption of the FISA process used to snare him? CORRECT! Armageddon for the Obama administration, due to falling dominoes. THAT is what I'm talking about. The long term. You guys are wasting my time with your piddling lawyerly yapping..."
" Here's my ""favorite"" memory of Dad: He was told by his doctors that he needed to walk. I walked five miles a day, so he came for advice. Dad was the master of Bait and Switch. The SECOND you dropped your guard, he'd pounce. We were really connecting, I thought. I said, ""What you have to do is start out slow because--"" He closed his eyes, whipped his head to the side, and shouted, ""DON'T LECTURE ME!"" My brother said I was the color of a plum. But my father came by it honestly. From HIS father, of course! Frank. This photo is PERFECT. His expression is everything you need to know. Dad would tell me hair-raising stories about HIS father, and the whole time I'd be thinking, ""Thank GOD I don't remember the guy."" Once Dad had to go pick up Frank at the train station. The pickup broke down. Dad's working feverishly to fix it, out on a deserted road in an Iowa cornfield. The sun goes down. The moon comes up. A pair of headlights! The car slows. It's a guy...and FRANK! Frank leans across the driver. ""Got tired of waiting,"" he says to Dad. ""You better have that fixed when we open the store in the morning."" And they drive off. So Dad fixes the engine BY FEEL in the pitch darkness. He gets home at dawn, just as the hardware store opens. Frank puts him right to work. You know, Frank and Dad are lucky that they never knew me as a 55-year-old man. I'm actually HOLDING BACK when i'm on Twitter..."
" THIS is why I won't tolerate any jibber-jabber about Rothschilds. My parents were the victims of a home invasion. It was two women who the cops said had staked out the house. They were professionals who preyed on the elderly. I lived next door to my parents and took care of them, in exchange for them paying for my health insurance and not charging me rent. This way, they stayed out of managed care. My parents didn't need round-the-clock care; they were simply very feeble. So one day a bell went off in my head and I went outside. There was a car in the driveway, all the way at the end, up by the garage. I got my brother--who lived one house down--and we looked at the car. There were pill bottles with dozens of different names all over the floor. So my brother went into the house, and I went and got my .357 magnum pistol. My brother frog-marched a pig-faced women out the front door, and my father came out of his shop. We couldn't find Mom. I had my pistol by my side, and I said, ""Where's my mother?"" The pig-lady started telling us a big story about how she'd dropped by to buy one of my mother's cacti. So I pulled back the hammer on the pistol. My father and my brother yelled, ""No-no-no-no-no!"" and the pig-lady started frantically looking all directions. Then ANOTHER woman came out of the house. She was IN THERE, with my mother, who had no idea. I wanted to hold the two home invaders, but my brother and father asked me to let them go. So they left, after blubbering to me for a full minute that they were completely innocent. See, they KNEW what I was about to do. I'd made up my mind. I'd never been that angry in my life. We called the cops, who found and arrested the home invaders. This is California, so literally nothing was done. But. You can BET that they told everyone they knew, ""Stay away from the street. There's a guy who'll murder you."" That's silly. I wouldn't MURDER them. Look up ""castle doctrine."" You can use deadly force on home invaders. So it wouldn't be murder. The ones who murdered Mirelle Kanol could talk to you endlessly about the Rothschilds. Jews haters and home invaders: You're the same to me. So don't talk to me about the Rothschilds. Take it or leave it..."
" asks a question. Two-part answer. One, marketing. As you can see, manga and anime and video games are enormously lucrative. They provide men with a fantasy version of women. To SELL the fantasy, you denigrate the real thing. REAL women fart and go to the bathroom and menstruate, BUT. Most importantly, they WON'T AUTOMATICALLY OBEY. A personal who has inadequate personality disorder has ineffectual responses to any physical, intellectual, social, or emotional demands placed on them. Anime appeals to these people. So we have a negative marketing strategy combined with a product that appeals to a pathology. WHAT COULD GO WRONG? The second part of the answer is that the people who CREATE this stuff are the true believers. This is their LIFE. I've been looking at the timelines of people sending me their waifus. Not a single one has a rational worldview. An addiction to anime is SYMPTOM, not an issue in itself. Graucho Marx said that he would never join a club that would have him as a member. The 2D girl love-fest is a spectrum disorder. If you have a waifu, you have tons of OTHER problems. has VERY cogent thoughts about the reasons why women are denigrated. But it's not possible to actually SAY these things publicly, because they go right to the issue of who is ""entitled"" to power. You've seen the hysteria from the anime addicts. Try talking about gender-power issues. They'll destroy your career. What follows is MY OWN opinion, not Roseanne's. In the west, we decided that men and women are the same. And THAT made everything crash and burn. Rather than accepting that XX and XY chromosomes make individuals biologically different, we tried to force people into being what they aren't. All my life, my closest friends have been women. AND--unlike what they would have you think--there was never a hint fo sexual attraction. My beautiful, conservative, traditional Mexican mommy had only MALE friends. Both Mom and I got along better with a GENDER. In Mom's case, it was because women hated her. She always said, ""Women can be very cruel."" Mom didn't HATE women, any more than I HATE men. But we just got along better with the other gender. In 55 years, I've had only three close male friends. All three were THEMSELVES rejected by males. One was a tiny punk rocker, one was a staggeringly handsome singer, and one was a blue-collar quadriplegic who became a self-taught genius. Look at social media. How do men present themselves? They're assholes and DAMN PROUD OF IT. ""It's what manly men do,"" as some cretin just said. So, to SEPARATE themselves from males, other men become BETA males. It's totally stupid. I have TONS of blue-collar male followers who are neither assholes nor Beta males. I'm guessing that a lot of men who follow me have had problems with other men. This all started in the GOOD OLD 1960s, the most destructive era in American history, INCLUDING the Civil War! I had a cousin who was super-macho. He was the most sadistic son of a bitch I've ever known. Everyone LOVED him. He spent his entire life tormenting me. I boycotted his funeral. To attend would've been hypocritical. All our problems stem from marketing and social engineering. But I think we're going to get back on track. Most of you have heard of the Black Dahlia. Her name was Elizabeth Short. When she took the train to Los Angeles, she had a day to kill somewhere in an unidentified town in the Midwest. She met a young man, and they spent the day together. All they did was have lunch and see the sights. Than he put her on the train. One author knows his name, but he's never been publicly identified. Back then, it was OKAY for a young man to approach a young woman BECAUSE SHE WAS ATTRACTIVE. SHE decided what would happen, and HE respected her wishes. IT WAS THE NORM. The social mores ALLOWED for young strangers to spend the afternoon together without it going any further. Imagine that happening today. We need to take the GOOD from THAT era and merge it with the GOOD from THIS era. And then we'll have the society that all sane people want..."
" Regime change in Iran? NCRI President-elect says it is. If this IS regime change, lots of things will happen, so everyone must REMAIN CALM. If the Iranian people are receiving help, it will take the form of electronic warfare (EW). Massive confusion will help the Iranian people, so if this is regime change, you will see A LOT of crazy things being reported. Is this military deception (MILDEC)? All I can tell you is that it's not possible that Saudi Arabia and the UAE would conspire to overthrown Abdullah II. The mullahs' security forces must be persuaded to either stay out of the uprising or join in on the side of the people. Confusion and misdirection will greatly aid in that process. If the Iranian people are receiving help, that help will come with no strings attached. It's a new world. The old notions of empire and enslavement are dead. So should remember that is this IS regime change, it was planned carefully for years, and it will be successful. The Iranian people have many friends who want them to be free. After the Iranian people are free, THEY THEMSELVES will chart their own course. The region and the world will welcome Iran as a friend and good neighbor. All will be well. If this IS regime change, incredibly advanced technologies will be used to prevent large-scale bloodshed. Think of the Romanians, who refused to surrender, forcing the state security to go over to their side. If this IS regime change, Iranians need to think only of themselves in the short run. Everything will be fine in the long run. So now we wait..."
" An interview shows the Trump Doctrine in action. ""The agreement that we have with our friends in Washington is that we will continue to work together for the stability of the region against what terrorist groups, extremists or those countries who have ideologies that they export beyond their borders."" ""We need to implement the international law, respect sovereignty of countries, respect internal, domestic issues for countries and work between countries as states."" In the past, the US position was to support those leaders who supported us. NOW, the goal is to create stable nation-states and not interfere in how those nations-states deal with OTHER nation-states. ""This is once again why we work against countries who work through militias, this is the result of working with militias and we need the international community to feel this pressure."" The region has a long tradition of political parties with ""armed wings"" or militias. These militias ALWAYS become state-supported terrorist organizations. ""Assiri said Saudi Arabia will not allow Yemen to be controlled by a militia and it will not accept that another Hezbollah comes to power in Yemen."" Hezbollah has 150,000 rockets aimed at Israel. This is destabilizing. The Trump Doctrine is about stabilization. In journalism, there's something called ""burying the lede."" In means you don't start with the most important aspect of a story. I did a double-take when I read the final sentence of the article. ""Assiri was with the crown prince in the states last week where they got Trump's support for the offensive against Iran, for their operation in Yemen and the rest."" THERE WE GO. ""The offensive against IRAN."" The Saudi defense minister and C-in-C of the Yemen operation got Trump's support for an offensive against Iran. NOW do you see why Trump signed the omnibus spending bill? It fully funded the armed forces. And now Bolton will be the National Security Advisor. So here's what happened: McMaster took care of North Korea. It's done. He resigned because the US will not take a leading role in regime change in Iran. We don't need an active-duty general for Iran. The Iranians rose up in December of 2017 and conducted ""reconnaissance by protest."" They learned everything they needed to know about the security forces, AND they recruited many of the security forces. When the Iranians were ready, they sent multiple ""Go"" signals on social media. They all said the same thing: It's time. Trump announces that General McMaster will resign, and John Bolton will replace him. The Saudi defense minister and the Saudi commander-in-chief of the Yemen operation get Trump's approval for ""the Iran offensive."" Trump signs the omnibus spending bill and says that if you read if for 20 minutes, you'll see why. Reading it for 20 minutes shows you that the military is being fully funded for the first time in years. THIS is what happens when you read non-American news sources. You learn the crucial information that allows you to put everything together. Mohammed bin Salman said that moving the US embassy to Jerusalem is a ""painful step."" Did you see what he left out? ""But necessary."" I've said for a long time that Qatar is only PLAYING the villain, and that the country is the key to regime change in Iran and the defeat of Hezbollah and Hamas. Here's what General Assiri said: ""On recent discussions with the United States Assiri said the issue of Qatar hadn't even been discussed with Trump because 'Qatar is not important enough'."" ""Anelise Borges Andrade challenged this, saying he had just spoken about the importance of stability in the region and that stability was contingent upon finding a solution with Qatar. He repeated 'the issue is not important enough for these kinds of meetings'."" The issue is ""not important enough"" because Qatar is a double agent. When the time comes, the mullahs and Hezbollah will find that their entire weapons systems are useless. This is what Trump said. Therefore I predict that the mullahs will gone by September. The funding was needed NOW, but it won't be as crucial after September. One last theory: The funding is being used to TRAIN our people in the use of the new technology that the Israelis developed with funding from the Gulf Cooperation Council. Of course I could be wrong in my prediction that the mullahs will be gone by September. We'll know soon enough... ADDENDUM: Trump made you all fixate on the border wall. Guess what? It was a rabbit. Trump knew that getting funding for a wall would be VERY hard, so he had contingency plans. AS HE ALWAYS DOES. So even WITHOUT the wall, he's still making good on his promises. As you would know if you STOPPED listening to gore crows and doom criers..."
" The Tamimis have weekly demonstrations in Nabi Saleh. Let's watch. Ahed Tamimi's mother. Many Tamimi women have that identical face. The yellow flag is the Fatah party. Hamas controls Gaza, and Fatah controls the West Bank, where Nabi Saleh is located. The greatest threat to Palestinians is other Palestinians. When Hamas took over Gaza in 2007, they BUTCHERED Fatah. Guess where Fatah ran to? Correct. Israel. The Israelis let Fatah pass through into the West Bank. Here's what the world doesn't want you to know. Brave Hamas fighters using human shields. Well, guess what? The Gulf Cooperation Council has figured out how to defeat enemies who use human shields. GCC commandos in Yemen, Syria, and Iraq freed at least a million human shields. Say goodnight, Hamas and Fatah. Back to the Tamimis. See how it says ""Tamimi Press""? That's how influential the Tamimis are, and THAT'S why darling Ahed got away with assaulting Israelis soldiers and cops for ten years. But Ahed was just arrested for the first time. This is very significant. It means the worm has turned. The Tamimis are no longer a threat. On the right, Ahed and her sister move in. Note that the sister wears a hijab while Ahed's Kentucky Waterfall flows freely. The screaming and the physical assaults start. See the blonde hair? Our little fishwife is on the right. Ahed's sister saying, ""Don't touch me"" in English. Same face as Mommy. She's speaking English because this will be broadcast to the world. Ahed on the right. SIXTEEN? Sure. How demented is all of this? An Israeli wearing a ""Boycott Israel"" T-shirt. Taking virtue signaling to ludicrous, suicidal heights. The Skunk Spray truck. That liquid makes all the Tamimis smell like sewage and rotting flesh. The jokes write themselves! Maybe it's my age, but I would just laugh in faces of the Tamimis. But the Border Guards are stressed. This officer forces her colleague to retreat. This just doesn't bother me. These are hags. They're like homeless mental patients. This is Ahed's replacement. She speaks perfect English, and she looks like one of the Olsen twins. The Tamimis either educated her in the US, or they got tutors. But she's Ahed's sister. Here's a theory on why Ahed was finally arrested: Her family was about to murder her and blame it on the IDF. You have to admit that the younger sister is more photogenic, and she speaks perfect English. The Palestinian issue is very hard for Israelis to deal with. This Border Guard is engaging a lunatic who wants his own country boycotted. Until 2015, Israeli police and soldiers were prohibited from using deadly force to save the lives of civilians. When a Palestinian attacks with a knife, cops and soldiers are required to shoot at his legs first. The Tamimis took advantage of all that. But something has changed. ALL disruptive elements in the Middle East are being neutralized. It's quite amazing to see. To do that, you need steely resolve AND incredible soldiers. This isn't a criticism, but the Saudis wouldn't debate a fellow Saudis who wanted their own country boycotted. They'd deport him to the Sudan with a backpack and $10 in his pocket. My father said, ""You have to speak to people in the language they understand."" The Tamimis understand ""Stop this crap if you want to be around to see how much better things will be in 2020."" Two Saudi cops armed with pistols take on two terrorists armed with rifles and explosives. Watch it carefully. The cops reloaded and re-emptied their pistols TO MAKE SURE. Not IDF rules of engagement. The Tamimis have only as much power as they're given. They'll have no power at all in the new Middle East..."
" I don't know if this is true or not. BUT. If this is true, I have no doubt that Saudi Arabia is helping the mullahs flee. WHY? Look what happened in every single country in which the dictator was overthrow by force. Go back to Germany in World War II. Saddam Hussein. Gaddafi. Do you know the identity of the last Nazis to die in combat? Norwegians. Volunteers for the Waffen SS. If they surrendered, they'd be repatriated to Norway and hanged. So they fought to the death, killing massive numbers of Russians soldiers. The Russians had to clear the giant Reichstag building room by room, killing all the deranged, desperate Norwegians who couldn't surrender. Sun Tzu has A LOT to say about the best way to win: ""For to win one hundred victories in one hundred battles is not the acme of skill. To subdue the enemy without fighting is the acme of skill."" MOST IMPORTANTLY: ""To a surrounded enemy, you must leave a way of escape."" If the mullahs leave, THAT is the victory. A long war, an insurgency, and mass trials will benefit nobody. Let's say I'm given this choice: One, the mullahs stay, and there's a long war with tons of death and destruction. OR two, the mullahs leave, ""getting away with it"" but sparing the lives of thousands. I'll go for the second choice every time. It's not MY life on the line. I support saving the lives of those in danger. If it means saving lives, I would pay for the mullahs' plane tickets myself..."
" Let me explain something: I'M NOT HERE TO DEBATE. Especially when the other side is spouting childish insanity. I've tried ignoring people, and if I don't respond, they spam me. ""I don't agree with you. The end,"" is not an argument. ""The Deep State did it. The end,"" is not an argument. See, even YOU are not debating. ""I know a guy who says that he's a Syrian Christian, and he says Assad protects Christians,"" is not an argument. Whatever I post in rebuttal, you say, ""I don't believe it. That's not a reliable source."" YOU ARE WASTING MY TIME. Memes are not an argument. So I will use my discretion to BLOCK without warning, if I feel that you are here simply to be a pain in the ass. Take it or leave it. Let me show you what I do, in real time. Beginning NOW, I will look for something to talk about. Give me one minute. Okay. A high-res version of the leaked video of Hezbollah drinking and dancing with women in Damascus. You can see two glasses of liquor. Hezbollah says that this is a religious ceremony of mourning. In the background, you can see a member of Hezbollah mourning by CUPPING A WOMAN'S BREASTS from behind. Hezbollah has sent chubby, drunk smokers to defend Assad. By the end of the Battle of Mosul, the Iraqis had commandos who look like this. This is the most frightening soldier I've ever seen. I'm not afraid of chubby drunks. I would be afraid of this man--if he were my enemy. But he's an ally. In all the years that Hezbollah has existed, they've never produced videos of themselves running this fast in combat. In the Battle of Mosul, the highest ranking Iraqi military officers--including the Minister of Defense--walked the streets one block over from the fighting. They did this to share the risk with the civilians. Not one officer was killed. The thread cannot be continued. ""Internal server error."" Sorry... Test. Let me try to continue. The Iraqis had the best bodyguards on Earth. Watch a man who has cleared his head of everything except protecting his charge. The mistake WE made in Iraq was to insert ourselves into the Iraqi military's day-to-day business. Therefore they had to always include us. The people helping the Iraqis stayed out of the way. They were IGNORED until needed. All parties agreed to this. This is why I don't debate. I provide EXHAUSTIVE DETAIL in the form of photos, videos, and guesses. ""The Deep State did it!"" is wasting my time. Take it or leave it. AND expect me to block MUCH MORE QUICKLY NOW..."
" A short report about the Yemeni army taking back territory from the Houthis. The Houthis have fighting posts everywhere, but they're not stopping the Yemeni army. Keep this guy in mind. Now a second report from February 4, 2018. A Yemeni officer will speak in English about how much he misses his family. A destroyed self-propelled artillery piece. It's not rusty, so that means it's new. Two destroyed armored personnel carriers. Since one is upside down, that probably means an air strike. I don't speak Arabic, but it SOUNDS LIKE this officer is saying, ""This is like the fighting that the Americans faced in Tora Bora in Afghanistan."" Look at the bodyguard standing directly behind the officer. Look at his face as the officer mentions Tora Bora in Afghanistan. That's really fascinating. I have no idea what it means, if anything. It's just that a hard-faced professional suddenly smiled. Behind this officer is a VERY heavy caliber automatic cannon. The taper of the barrel is very sharp; it goes from wide to thin in a short distance. I can't identify the weapon. Finally, here's our guy again. He's a commando from the Gulf Cooperation Council. Ever seen a scarier face? Everyone's jabbering about a ""stalemate"" AS THEY DOCUMENT multiple breakthroughs. Reporters don't know anything, so they can't understand what they're seeing. Neither AFP nor AP noticed this man, I'm sure. Non-Yemeni facial features, head on a swivel. Another GCC commando. They're all trained as bodyguards. ""Close protection."" Yemen is another country torn apart by tribal, ethnic, and religious loyalties. I hope you can appreciate the incredible skill it took to create massively effective combat units comprised of people who don't normally cooperate. And as the more observant of you noticed, they're fighting in ""combined arms micro teams."" We don't SEE the aircraft, but we can hear them..."
" asks a question. This photo. President Trump, King Salman, and President Sisi open the Global Center for Combating Extremist Ideology. Melania stands beside Trump. I have no idea why people would laugh. These are three of the most serious reformers alive. They aren't kidding around. What very few people outside of the Middle East grasp is that the Stealth Reformation is OVER. When the Saudi Crown Prince poses for this photo, that means the changes already took place. Now we're in the mopping up phase. It turns out that the Middle East was living the Abilene Paradox. As groups, they were doing things that they opposed as individuals. The mindset didn't have to be changed; it had to be PROTECTED. When people realized that they were protected, they had the fasted Reformation on record. Here's another paradox: Arab culture is know for its wordiness. But the Reformation happened without much discussion. There was A LOT, but nowhere near as much as I expected there would be. For a lot of Middle Easterners, religion was all they had. NOW, all their dreams are going to come true. And they'll have done it themselves. Sorry. I just lost interest in this. Apparently people are afraid of the orb. Well, they're just going to have to be afraid. I'm indifferent. If the Saudis will have me, I think I'll move there. I'm really tired of frightened Americans. I'd like to spend my golden years among the fearless..."
" You know what gets me? They always have ""dating"" on their minds. I'm a hermit now, so none of that means anything to me anymore, but when I was a young man, I just...MET women. I had three very significant long-term relationships. But I went on only ONE DATE in my life. Two people fixed me up with someone they said I'd love, so she and I e-mailed and then talked on the phone. She's an actress you've seen. When we met in person, she wouldn't talk. So I did all the talking. If I had to do it over today, I wouldn't. After fifteen minutes of silence, I'd say, ""You know what? You need a doctor, not a date. Goodbye."" That was the only time I got together with a total stranger. It was stupid. Shopping for humans. Forget it. Plato asked an old man what it felt like to no longer be capable of being with a woman. ""It's like being allowed to dismount form a wildly bucking horse."" I'm a hermit. My brother lives next door. We have coffee daily. I don't take photos of my TV or my meals. I'm a hermit because I PREFER the lifestyle. It hasn't made me insane. I can function perfectly well in crowds. The secret to happiness is LETTING GO OF EVERYTHING. When you give up your desires, things come to you. When you fantasize about anime lesbians, you're going to keep getting more and more unhappy, until you pop your cork. People need to be retrained. They're not doing it right..."
" Iranian Basij--the ones hired specifically to put down internal unrest--burning their ID cards. Another. And another. More. And another. And more. Now, look at this: Would protesters tell Fox News all the ""secret"" ways they get around the authorities? Ever heard of Operation Bodyguard? It was a MASSIVE deception operation that fooled the Germans into thinking the Allies would invade at Calais, not Normandy. Operation Bodyguard consisted of several sub-operations: Operation Fortitude crated a fake army--1st U.S. Army Group (FUSAG)--with rubber tanks. Operation Ironside was implemented with double agents who told the Germans that two divisions would land on the Garonne estuary. Operation Graffham involved sending military officers to Sweden to convince the neutral Swedes that the Allies would land in Norway. Operation Royal Flush involved making overtures to overtures to Sweden, Spain and Turkey, to make the Germans think the Allies would land in the Mediterranean. Operation Zeppelin created the fictional Ninth, Tenth and Twelfth armies in Egypt, which would land in Crete or Romania. Operation Copperhead misled the German into thinking the British Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery was outside of the UK. An actor named M. E. Clifton James traveled through the Mediterranean and North Africa, pretending to be Montgomery. The planning for Operation Bodyguard began over a year before the 1944 invasion of Normandy. IF--and that's a BIG IF--the Iranians are getting help, the planning began in 2015 at the very latest... ADDENDUM: Now a COMMANDER of Basij joins the uprising. "
" What follows is my OWN opinion. I have no sources, and I've never spoken with General Flynn. ""Wouldn't Flynn have known that Ambassador Kislyak was under FISA surveillance as an agent of a foreign power?"" YES. ""Wouldn't Flynn have known that he didn't have to submit to an interview by the FBI?"" YES. ""Wouldn't Flynn have known that going to Russia for a banquet celebrating RT's tenth anniversary would bring him to the attention of the Obama Justice Department?"" YES. Flynn and work well together because they have the same ability to think 5000 steps ahead and to use strategic deception. I can't repeat this often enough: When it comes to things that matter, the Trump administration is LEAKPROOF. There's some alcoholic loser on Twitter who was fired from the NSA for sending dick-pics to at least one woman. He spent every moment of his life from November 8, 2016, to January 20, 2017, telling us that the Intelligence Community would stop Trump. ""You don't piss off the Seventh Floor, man! Not if you wanna LIVE!"" Well, the Intelligence Community is without question full of extremely skilled people. But the losers are losers in a GIGANTIC way. People like Flynn and Trump can make them into marionettes. Trump KNEW that the gigantic losers of the Intelligence Community (IC) would try to hamper everything he did. So he had to figure out a way o prevent that. General Flynn was fired as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) because he truthfully pointed out that Brennan and Clapper were cooking the books to make Obama look good. You've seen Brennan's tweets. It's stunning that such a buffoon was head of the CIA. So Flynn set up... Flynn made the corrupt DOJ come after him so that down the road the entire illegal Obama spying would be revealed. He had to plead guilty, though. He had to get INTO the process. Comey seems to have figured out what was going to happen, because he said he didn't think Flynn lied. But Judge Rudy Contreras felt otherwise. Rudy is buddies with Lisa Page and... You've seen Page and Strzok's texts. Both of these people are fifteen years old. Add them to the list of losers who Flynn outwitted. So Flynn snared Rudy, Page, Strzok, and McCabe. So far. But Flynn ALSO brought in the best spooks who ever lived. They all exist, but only ONE--a civilian--was ever photographed. Their names have faded away, so I won't bring them up again. They all got Top Secret / Sensitive Compartmented Information (TS/SCI) security clearance, which they KEPT after they were ""fired."" The full list of the National Security Council staff. This has all been a total joyride for me, as I watch Flynn and Trump dismantle the entire corrupt edifice that screwed us for so long. And every other cabinet gets to work unmolested as Trump hogs the limelight! Amazing stuff. I confess to being impatient with those who can't see what I see. So please take that into account. It's not that you're dumb; it's that I have a hair-trigger temper. One of my many flaws..."
" How desperate is Iran? Aviation experts are getting bogged down in unnecessary theories. Here's all you need to know to prove that the aircraft is fake: The canopy--the clear dome over the pilot--is made of plastic. Therefore the pilot can't see out. Up close, you can see how wavy the forward portion of the canopy is. Bear with me. Twitter's Christmas present to me is to prevent me from uploading images. I'll keep trying. Hold on. Compare the F-313 to the A-10, a 40+ year-old design. The Iranians are using heat-formed styrene plastic for their canopy. The American F-16 canopy is made of three layers of material: polycarbonate, polyurethane, and acrylic. See that there's no waviness in the canopy? Iran has no real military capabilities. Therefore the mullahs are ripe for toppling... ADDENDUM: points out what I missed: In one photo, the canopy is one-piece, and in the other photo, the canopy is two-piece. See how smart my followers are? I learn something from them every day..."
" Tons of Brits are telling me that Alfie Evans could not be helped. Let me tell you about m,y neighbor ""Jenny."" We've known Jenny for decades. She was very uptight, very difficult. Jenny was so terrified of cancer that she never had physicals. When she was 76, she finally went to the doctor for persistent abdominal pain. Stage IV metastatic ovarian cancer. Jenny's doctor told her to check into hospice. WE told her to try City of Hope. So City of Hope told her that they could treat her. She had surgery and chemotherapy. Then they checked her every three months. That was seven years ago. Jenny is now 84. She's been cancer free for six years. They've scheduled a knee replacement because she's so healthy that the doctors say she can live years yet. Jenny is also a COMPLETELY transformed person. She's nice, easy going, and very friendly. In the UK, they would've let her die. Here, she was given a second lease on life, and it made her a new person. There's no vestige of the formerly uptight, difficult person she was. The Brits have lost sight of all societal concepts. All that remains is the demand that people submit to the will of the government. You judge a society by how it treats its defenseless members. I have no desire to ever visit the UK again. Earlier today, a British man said that now was not the time to point fingers. The child is dead, so it doesn't matter anymore. His words, not mine. Societal conditioning in the UK is very effective. People are deeply in love with national health care. They defend it they way they defend a spouse. As I said, they've lost sight of everything. There are immutable truths. One of them is that it's wrong to take a way parents' power to determine the fate of their children. In Norway, the government takes away children from parents who home school them. For the child's own good. A home-schooled child is not properly socialized, according to the law. Today I've read MANY comments of properly socialized British people. My blood runs cold. That which has no will to survive, won't. If the Brits choose to die, they will. The British government and judicial system are indifferent to the trauma inflicted on Alfie Evans's parents. They will never recover. There's no rationalizing what happened. It was handled incorrectly. But the British government and judicial system will double down. Leftism means never admitting to being wrong. There are VERY dark days ahead for the UK..."
" Isn't THIS interesting. Chuck Schumer is responsible for this Uzbek coming here. The Diversity Visa Lottery. We take people from areas where we don't take people. Let's go to ICE, shall we? Uzbekistan. Uzbekistan. Uzbekistan. Uzebekistan. That's MOST WANTED. Pretty good for a relative backwater. But wait! There's more! Uzbekistan. Uzbekistan. Thanks, Senator Schumer! We didn't have enough American criminals. Bless you for importing Uzbek mega-criminals."
" Question: How do we defeat Marxists in the US? Electoral extermination. THAT'S the only answer. Deprive them of power for as long as it takes to create a society that can no longer fall prey to Marxism. Marxists always--ALWAYS--overreach. They do OUR job for us. The kneeling football players are a godsend. The endless squawking of ""RACISM!"" is a godsend. The deranged harassment of is a godsend. Marxists are highly overrated. They always lose. Look at the total hellholes they control. It's a failed ideology that doesn't know it's already dead. Eight years of Donald Trump and his allies will ensure a century of freedom from Marxism. Even California will come around. In 99 years..."
" I WAS RIGHT! Boy, I hate the American press. Thae Yong Ho is the former deputy chief of mission at the North Korean Embassy in London. ""Much of his testimony focused on how his homeland had evolved since Kim came to power in 2011 following the death of his father, Kim Jong Il."" ""'While on the surface Kim Jong Un seems to have consolidated his power through this reign of terror, simultaneously there are great and unexpected changes taking place within North Korea,' he said."" ""The free markets are flourishing. As more and more people get used to free and capitalist style markets, the state-owned socialist economic system becomes increasingly forgotten about.” ""Thae added that the country’s welfare system has collapsed, and that 'millions of civil servants, army officers and security forces are dependent on bribes and state assets’ embezzlement for their survival.'"" ""North Koreans 'don’t care about state propaganda but increasingly watch illegally imported South Korean movies and dramas,' weakening the regime’s hold."" ""'These changes … make it increasingly possible to think about civilian uprising in North Korea as more and more people gradually become informed about the reality of their living conditions, Thae argued."" But how did all those changes happen, IF KIM JONG-UN IS A MONSTER WHO WIELDS MORE POWER than his grandfather and father? And here's the kicker. ""Today, Kim Jong Un thinks that only nuclear weapons and ICBMs (intercontinental ballistic missiles) can help him avert the continuing disintegration of the North Korea system,' he added."" So why would Kim give them up, then? Because that was his plan all along. The Supreme Guard Command is said to protect Kim. ""Propaganda footage from North Korean TV shows a staggering array of physical feats, using taekwondo and other martial arts. Visually impressive -- although it's not certain how the skills would keep an armed assassin at bay."" ""Lee Young-guk was bodyguard to the late Kim Jong Il for 10 years until just before he took control of North Korea. He says he went through very similar training before he was considered fit to protect a leader."" ""'It's tough training,' says Lee. 'But why do it? It's to build up loyalty. A handgun won't win a war and taekwondo serves nothing but the spirit, but it creates loyalty.'"" Here's a member of the Supreme Guard Command. He has only pistol magazines, and his rifle barrel is burned and bent downward. This is from the Honolulu Star Bulletin, November 20, 1999, page B3, columns 3 and 4. Kim Jong-il was very sick. Under pressure from the army, he passed over TWO sons and chose Kim Jong-un, who by all accounts was a nonentity. GUESS WHAT HE DID? The ""30 May Measures."" ""Marshal Kim Jong-un is obviously inclined to do what his late father, Generalissimo Kim Jong Il, was too afraid to, that is, to attempt to transform his country into a developmental dictatorship, largely similar to present-day Vietnam or China."" ""This decision did not come out of the blue. Indeed, it agrees very well with what Kim Jong Un and his advisers have quietly been doing over the last three years - albeit the slow-motion transformation of the country has attracted little attention from outside world."" So Kim began reforms AS SOON AS HE TOOK OFFICE. But he fooled the country. He said there would be no changes to SOCIETY. Just the economy. Another piece that went under the radar. ""Songbun was most important element in the social structure of Kim Il-sung’s North Korea. Sung, who established the Democratic People’s Republic in 1948, initiated the system of social classification in the late 1950s..."" ""Dividing the population into groups according to the actions and status of their paternal ancestors during the Japanese colonial period and the Korean War."" ""Songbun determines, among other things, whether North Koreans are allowed to live in the capital or in special cities, the workplace they’re allocated, and what kind of education they can receive."" ""The role of songbun is gradually reducing, as the country embraces new ways and new economic models. If Kim Jong-un really wants to proceed with promised reforms, one of the necessary steps would be to abolish songbun, at least in practice."" NOW, let's look at the statement the North Koreans made after Trump canceled the summit. ""We also hoped that the 'trump method' would solve both of our concerns and would be a smart way to meet our requirements and act effectively in solving problems."" Kim Jung-un is the Trump of North Korea. They saying that the Chinese stopped Kim from transforming North Korea. So we helped. In some way. This is absolutely incredible. Kim Jong-un hoodwinked his own ruling elite and the Chinese. When it was too late to stop him, the Chinese called him to Beijing to threaten him in some way. So we made some kind of threat to the Chinese. A MAJOR threat. And now the summit will go ahead. The North Korean ruling elite and the Chinese--two mafias--chose a guy who they thought would be the perfect puppet. Instead, he became the Trump of not only north Korea but East Asia itself. Kim Jong-un began reforming North Korea in 2012, soon after he took office. I've been looking to see if I can find a Trump connection from before the day Kim became Supreme Leader. Stay tuned... ADDENDUM: Kim Jong-un was ripe for change. ADDENDUM TWO: I take this as a confirmation that all will be well... "
" One. Two. Three. Four. Five. D'OH! Roger Stone also said that McMaster was gone. Told Alex Jones. My guess is that something pretty big is happening. How often do big things happen without us knowing about them? Pretty often. I missed this when it came out. ""Seeing as it is designed to insert special operations forces, maybe the Carter was infiltrating or exfiltrating personnel onto or from foreign soil."" The navy said, ""No. It was just for morale."" Uh-huh. Isn't this a great photo? THIS is a 180-degree swing. Before March 13, 2018--the Iranian Fire Festival--Hezbollah was saying that war was inevitable. Now they don't expect a war. While the press--both mainstream and ""citizen''--makes a total fool of itself on a daily basis, big things happen. Big GOOD things happen. Just ask these guys... "
" Someone brought up guns. Please think carefully of Mike Strickland. Strickland was convicted. And then he was sentenced. As of March 2017, he had no job and was homeless. This is what you need to understand: GUNS MEAN NOTHING TO THE PEOPLE THREATENING YOU. They are a strange form of zombie that has no conception of reality. Simply watch police videos. They WILL NOT COMPLY. This guy is armed, he's facing three armed cops, and he's giving THEM orders. He survived, so don't worry about watching an on-camera death. He's alive. THIS IS THE SUSPECT: ""Back up. I'm telling you: Back up man. I done told him to back up. I'm not going on my knees, so back up. Stop walking up on me. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't taze me. You better back up."" This guy gave no thought whatsoever to the possibility that he'd be SHOT or that it would HURT LIKE HELL. Listen to him howl. What do you think: Does he feel BETTER now or WORSE? Pulling a gun on Antifa or BLM doesn't work because they're not quite human. They're lost in a world of fantasy. ""You can't serve papers on a rat, Baby Sister. You've got to kill him or let him be."" --Rooster Cogburn, True Grit What Cogburn meant is that rats don't understand legal writs. If you serve a legal writ to a rat, demanding that he stop eating someone's corn, the rat won't comprehend what you're demanding. So you either have to kill the rat or leave him alone. There were MANY armed men in Charlottesville, Virginia, at a Unite the Right rally, August 11 to 12, 2017. GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? There was nothing they could do. Antifa attacked ANYWAY, forcing the militia members to retreat because they didn't want to kill people. This was the moment when militia leaders agreed that they had to pull back. Charlottesville was a job for the POLICE, but they stood down, and as a result, a lunatic killed people, and others were beaten. You can't serve papers on a rat. DON'T take your guns to a stupid, pointless political rally. You'll either have to kill the rats or let them be. Look what happened to Mike Strickland. The zombies were not afraid of his gun, and HE paid the price. Don't let it happen to you..."
" What 30+ years of leftist cynicism has done. Yesterday a studio location scout knocked on my door. He wanted to know if they could film the outside of my brother's house. As we talked, he said they were also looking for interiors. So I took him into the house, which is currently not occupied. I live next door, however. And I'm very short tempered. Inside, his lid flipped. It was perfect. They could do all their filming in one place, inside and out. This guy is my age. His bosses are a full generation younger. Therefore I knew what would happen. And it did. He called this morning and told me that they wouldn't be filming in or outside of the house. Why did they turn down this perfect place? Two reasons: One, it wasn't THEIR idea. The old guy suggested something, so his young bosses nixed it without even thinking about it. THAT is how people in their late twenties and early thirties do things. The second reason the house was turned down is that the old guy was TOO ENTHUSIASTIC. Thirty years ago, I read an article about Bill Maher and Jon Stewart. ""Attack of the Smirky Guys."" The writer said that their gig was to mock earnestness, and this was a very dire cultural development. And the writer was right. Expressing enthusiasm is verboten. Those nutter anti-gun psycho kids from Florida are the people we're supposed to emulate. They're 100 percent negative. Our bloggers are negative, our Twitter gurus are negative, our Anonymous sources are negative. Simple joy and enthusiasm is disgusting and must be smashed into the ground. Well, GOOD LUCK, negative folks. Guess where YOU'RE headed? The upcoming generation will clean up the mess. These useless, exploded wind turbines of negativity will be forgotten. And when I'm in my eighties, people will ask me, ""Were people really THAT nightmarish?"" I'll downplay it. Because the negative ones will all be dust in the wind by then. As Suzanne Vega sings, ""There's no reason to remember you now..."""
" Here's another way the Moore hit job is backfiring spectacularly. Leftists are used to spewing profanity and talking about all sorts of depressingly unsavory topics. So NOW they're turning that spewage on people who've never heard it before. On people with MANNERS. Suddenly these mental patients are everywhere, foaming at the mouth and sharing all their sexual obsessions. Gloria Allred tried to create the image of a fragile permanent child whose life was ruined by the bestial judge. But who's on Gloria's side? Capering savages with foul mouths. They're ACTUALLY using illegal memes. THESE are the ones who sexualize children. Not the judge. IF the accusations were real, THEY'D ALL BE ACTING DIFFERENTLY. But they're WALLOWING in total depravity. THEY are the compulsive ones. Years ago, Allred gave a press conference with an Mexican transvestite. I can't remember what the problem was. As always, Gloria's client dabbed at the eyes with a tissue. My brother sneered. ""She's crying because she's so BEAUTIFUL."" I laughed myself into a migraine. But it was true! ""O my beauty, she hurts me! Bu-ju-ju-ju!"" Gloria pretty much ruined the entire concept of women being sexually assaulted. When I see Gloria, I think, ""Her client is lying."" That's Gloria's fault. But. It's also the fault of leftist degenerates. I'm not a degenerate, so I take charges of sexual assault seriously. I didn't say anything about Roy Moore until I'd spent an entire day looking for PREVIOUS ACCUSATIONS. There are NONE. So for me, he was never on trial. He denied the accusations. His PERSONAL life showed nothing but discipline and self-control. Imagine being chased to AUSTRALIA without losing your mind with hate. But the judge never backs down from a fight. As he said, he fights fairly. His enemies DON'T. If the judge wins and is seated and has a successful senatorial career, then Gloria Allred and her degenerate buddies will have gotten their just desserts. I look forward to the judge winning. He'll make a fine senator..."
" I will spare you the sights and sounds of societies that don't have guns. But here's a screen grab of what happens to robbers in South American countries. The worst thing I ever saw was the video of an armed robber who was knocked out in Ecuador. They beat him with everything you can imagine, doused him in gasoline and set him on fire. The whole time, a Catholic priest was trying to stop the crowd. What was left of the robber was still alive, but it didn't look human. This happens ALL OVER THE WORLD. In Mexico, robbers are having their hands cut off. Both hands. So when anti-gun FANATICS tell us that unless we disarm, we're murderers, they're full of shit. In countries with strict gun laws, robbers still get guns. And when those robbers are disarmed, they're often killed. Horribly. It happens in oh-so-civilized Great Britain, home of the saintly gunless. In the UK, there are very strict laws about what people can do to defend themselves. Crime is skyrocketing in the UK, so the cops pick the low-hanging fruit: They arrest people for defending themselves, which encourages people to never defend themselves. Here's a CROWD beating a robber, in morally superior France. And they STABBED him too! An unarmed population can still lynch criminals. Is THAT what you want, anti-gun MANIACS? I could show you videos of things you wouldn't have thought possible, in terms of brutality. These are people who get preyed upon by criminals and who can't rely on the police. Here's ANOTHER thing that would happen if we ban firearms: The lawyers of the beaten criminals would file endless lawsuits against the police and the cities. This guy was recognized, chased, and beaten by a crowd. His lawyer filed a lawsuit against Los Angeles for not protecting him. The Law of Unintended Consequences. If you ban guns, you get lynchings, lazy cops, and endless payouts by cities. Remember: The number of school shootings is already DROPPING DRAMATICALLY. What we saw in Parkland was a refusal of the the authorities to DO THEIR JOBS, in order to APPEAR that things were hunky-dory. Banning guns in the US will lead to perpetual mayhem. FLORIDA SCREWED UP. You don't get to distract from that by calling ME a murderer. I can defeat EVERY ARGUMENT you make. Try me..."
" Yeah, okay: If I'm burning my bridges, so be it. Someone needs to call out you miserable, pathetic losers on whom I wasted so much time. Let's repeat: The Democrats got 92 percent of their 2016 turnout. The Republicans got 50 percent of their 2016 turnout. Republicans were so faithless and intellectually bereft that they simply stayed home in unprecedented numbers. How utterly stupid was that? Well, I'll tell you how utterly stupid it was. The accusations came from Roy Moore's opponents. Is it possible that they had a vested interest in making up crap? Alabama's Republicans DIDN'T EVEN THINK OF THAT. Instead, they sat on their fat asses and let a far-left lunatic be elected. Alabamans are told what to think by DEMOCRATS. And Alabamans obediently THINK what they're told to think. I totally wasted my time trying to reach you brainless clods. When I think back how much I researched and wrote, and HALF OF YOU IDIOTS STAYED HOME. Well, guess what? NEVER AGAIN. You guys are like Wahhabists. All it took to get you to stay home was UNFOUNDED ACCUSATIONS. About...SEX! O LORDY! This is truly without precedent. A totally innocent man is attacked by the howling mob, and you people are too gutless to defend him or even research him. Is research dirty-dirty? I DON'T EVEN AGREE WITH THE GUY. YOU share his beliefs. I defended him until I had to go and vomit in the bathroom. Stress makes Meniere's disease and PTSD much worse. I'm getting ready to puke again, which I will after I finish this. So here I am literally driving myself into a state of vomiting hell, and half of you stupid clowns stay home, based on NOTHING. No faith at all. AND no morality. You handed the election to a guy who loudly opposes ALL YOUR VALUES. Am I getting through to you? Like everybody else in this godforsaken country, you read from the frigging scripts that leftists hand you. I actually said that you being abused. Boy, I retract THAT statement. It wasn't abuse. You know what you people are? This is what you are. You GLORIED in your opportunity to show the world how holy you are. And it was all a pose. I'm not even religious, and I can tell you that you committed sins of pride and vanity. Your absurd and malignant boycotting of Roy Moore was all about YOU. And now people are making excuses for you. That dog won't hunt. Not when HALF OF YOU took the day off so you could boast with broken hearts that you could not in conscience vote for for an innocent man. You're on your own next time. Just call up the DNC and ask them who to vote for. I'm not sacrificing what's left of my health on people who don't deserve the effort I put into things..."
" Syria. Raqqa is about to fall. But THIS happened. The rebels in Hama are the worst of the worst. Bloodthirsty jihadists. They're putting up videos on YouTube that will be taken down in minutes. See? They're the same as the Islamic State. Some interesting things. This report reveals what I knew since 2015. ""On the front line, these US-backed Syrian militiamen decided to put on a show for our camera."" ""ISIS gunmen are hiding in the ruins of a nearby apartment building, they said, but it looked more like boredom than real fighting."" Correct. The camera crews are NEVER embedded with the troops doing the real fighting. The militiamen HOLD GROUND that was already taken, so they are performing a vital duty. But the assault troops are professional commandos who are never filmed. It took the mainstream media almost three years to figure out what I knew in early 2015. Ha! On July 27, 2015, I predicted that the Islamic State had less than four years to live. I was ALONE ON THE PLANET in that assessment. Now, let's go back to the article about how the Islamic State launched a surprise offensive against OTHER jihadist terrorists in Syria. ""While it is clear that the Islamic State launched an attack in Hama province..."" ""It is not immediately apparent how the forces who led that drive reached HTS positions."" ""While official IS media did not state where the attack originated, every source in Hama who Syria Direct spoke to on Tuesday..."" ""Said that the IS fighters came from Uqayrbat, a desert region of approximately 2,600 square kilometers in the province's east."" ""But if Monday’s offensive indeed originated from Uqayrbat, IS forces—along with their heavy weapons and armored vehicles—"" ""Had to cross at least 20km of territory ostensibly controlled by regime forces."" Guess what, folks? It wasn't the Islamic State that attacked the jihadists. It was Gulf Cooperation Council commandos DISGUISED as the Islamic State. The GCC can fool everyone, whenever they want. The war in Syria is winding down rapidly. Be grateful. All will be well..."
" I love it! They have ZERO training. It's a clown show for idiots. Literally nothing in that video serves a military purpose. This guy is supposed to be a sniper. The cameraman is STANDING OVER HIM! No cover means...no enemy was there. Out in the open, playacting. Corporal Fatty McQuarter Ton, hero of Hezbollah, firing his rifle into the air and then into the ground. Better call Colonel Major Brigadier General Suheil al-Hassan. You can choose from two different versions! Do you want the skinny one with normal ears, or the orange one with scrunched-up bat ears? Syria! My life for you! Bumpty bumpty bump!"
" Salon's makes a complete fool of herself. She asks a stupid, bad-faith question: ""Are Trump's rules of engagement responsible for the deaths of the four American soldiers?"" No. The press has ALREADY PROVEN THAT TESFAYE'S QUESTION is asked in bad faith. Tesfaye HERSELF debunks her own accusation. ""According to Joint Chiefs Chair Gen. Joseph Dunford, the soldiers were attacked..."" ""While leaving the village to return to their operating base."" ""Dunford pointed to the U.S. military’s rules of engagement in the region..."" ""Which state that troops should only accompany local forces when the chances of combat are low."" The whole ""scandal"" is that the ambush was unexpected, RIGHT? Tesfaye DEBUNKS HER OWN ARTICLE: ""The Special Forces 'did not expect significant resistance on their visit to the village.'” Therefore Trump's rules of engagement HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THIS. The rules of engagement were followed to the letter. As Sophia Tesfaye just proved. Electoral extermination for the Democrats. Give it to them, and this madness will stop. I promise."
" Twitter hid this from me. A long time ago, you told me, ""The Middle East is one big family."" This absolutely true. Israeli government officials USED TO SAY that Israel has enemies and neutral observers but no friends. This is because the US always pressured Israel into doing things not in her best interest. I'm not Jewish, but multiple Jewish people tell me that part of being Jewish is the refusal to give up on others and to continue to try and reach them. The problem that Israel faced was the continuing changes in western leadership. There's no consistent policy toward Israel. Policies change with our leaders. NOW, Israel has made peace with the Gulf Cooperation Council and other Arab nations. Being Middle Easterners--family--they work better together than they can work with the west. What Trump did was to back out of the decision-making process. The Middle East is making its own decisions. We help when asked. Israel never any ability to influence US foreign policy. It was the other way around. The US constantly forced Israel to either NOT do things or to STOP doing things. Do you know why we have drug-resistant bacteria now? Because people NEVER FINISHED THEIR ANTIBIOTIC COURSES. The doctor said, ""Take it for ten days,"" and the person took it for five. It was the same in the Middle East. Every half-measure made Hezbollah and Hamas and the Houthis and all the others STRONGER. But NOW, finally, the Middle East has a true partner in the US. The whole ""blame Israel"" notion was always stupid, but NOW it's demented. When you back out of a situation, the other participants lose their ability to influence you. The US under Trump is more free from pressure than at any time in our history. I don't read Q, so I don't know what people are blaming Israel for. I've HEARD people say that exposing the Iranian nuclear-weapons program will lead to war. WHY? Israel has ALL THE DOCUMENTS. This is why analysts are useless. Iran put ALL the documents in one place, with no duplicates. And then the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps delivered it to Israel. That's the end of the Iranian nuclear-weapons program. Exposing the program wasn't a rationale for war. Exposing the program was a rationale for REGIME CHANGE. We've now seen evidence that the IRANIAN security forces are working with Israel. It was 1000 pounds of paper and CDs. In vaults. In the most secret, secure building in Iran. So the IRGC took it out and delivered it to Israel. This old-school crap is part of the dead past. The Middle East is a family. All people of goodwill are working together. When Israel began clearing minefields in the Golan Heights, I thought they were preparing for a POSSIBILITY. NOW I'm convinced that the Gulf Cooperation Council already went in and is reducing Hezbollah. Is Hezbollah going to announce to the world that its having its ass handed to it? The Hezbollah positions are OFF LIMITS to the Lebanese. How would anyone find out what's happening? Since Trump became president, we've been giving the Lebanese army all the equipment that the Saudis use. And the Lebanese army changed it uniform to multicam after 37 years. No reason was given. Hezbollah still uses the M81 woodland pattern uniform. Everything points to the Saudis going into Lebanon, disguising themselves as the Lebanese army, and reducing Hezbollah. AND I'm now convinced that Qatar played Iran. Hezbollah's rocket arsenal and tunnel system are manged with Qatari technology. The Qataris built the Hamas tunnel systems. From January 2016 to October 2017, SOMEBODY blew up 28 Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad attack tunnels IN GAZA. Commandos infiltrated, killed all the nokhba (""elite fighters""), blew up the tunnels, and escaped. Twenty-eight times. Israel blew up the 29th tunnel, killing the entire command staff of Palestinian Islamic jihad. They were lured into the tunnel and blown up. So THIS is what you're hearing. Trust and trust Mohammed bin Salman. All will be well. I'll leave you with a Stephen Crane poem. Once a man clambering to the housetops Appealed to the heavens. With strong voice he called to the deaf spheres; A warrior’s shout he raised to the suns. Lo, at last, there was a dot on the clouds, And—at last and at last— —God—the sky was filled with armies. The spheres are no longer deaf, and the skies ARE filled with armies. I promise..."
" This is the only known video of Rods From God in action. Two small drones guide the rod. The drones emit homing signals. Therefore the rods don't have to be aimed at the target. This technology is used on a small scale. Here it's used on a truck bomb. The guidance drones. The munitions. The commandos use white, visible laser. Infrared laser targeting systems can be blinded by smoke and dust. Also, visible laser carries FAR more data. We have video. Islamic State terrorists wiped out, even though they were behind armored vehicles. Watch the right side of the screen, right above the ground. One frame. ZAP! The combination of white laser targeting systems and homing beacons on expendable drones gives the munitions 100 percent accuracy. But you still need people on the ground to operate the lasers. That's what the Secretary of the Air Force is talking about. The ""very brave people"" are the Arab commandos aiming the laser targeting systems on the ground..."
" WE ARE DUH! I read stuff and I just laugh. Idiots on both sides of the political aisle are filling the air with their cabalistic, quantum, frigging, dumb, limbo mumbo jumbo. (You know where that's from?) Dina Powell isn't any of the things that either side is claiming. Neither is K. T. McFarland. This is GREAT NEWS. The Great Flynning of 2017 continues..."
" Proof that conservatives can be just as stupid, bigoted, and dishonest as leftists. We don't get to a single substantive claim until the FIFTH PARAGRAPH. ""The Saudis have been spreading one of the most virulent, destructive forms of Islam around the world for decades, and they have been doing quite a lot to stoke sectarian hatred against Shia Muslims even more in the last decade."" Newsflash! Mohammed bin Salman has spread NO FORM OF ISLAM since he was given political power by his father in 2015. Again we have a WESTERNER telling MUSLIMS what to think. Isn't it possible that Moqtada al-Sadr doesn't NEED Westerners to guide him through life? ""I don’t buy for a second that that the same person who has been busy destabilizing the rest of the region in the name of hostility to Iran has a genuine interest in creating a 'more open and modern' Islam."" WHAT THE HELL IS THIS GUY RAVING ABOUT? Name a single country that the Saudis have destabilized in the name of hostility to Iran. Yemen? The Yemeni government asked for help after IRANIAN-BACKED HOUTHIS launched an armed uprising. Iraq? Check the dates, sonny. The Saudis HELPED IRAQ defeat the Islamic State. There's no doubt. Everything turned around for Iraq in October of 2015. That's when the Saudis and their allies were asked to help. Lebanon? Hezbollah just said they're happy as clams over the situation. ""Friedman’s interview took place as the tightened coalition blockade was swiftly bringing about what the U.N. warns will be the worst famine in decades."" Sweetheart, ever heard of The Boy Who Cried Wolf? You mental patients have been warning of famine in Yemen for almost four years now. Who the hell is Daniel Larison? He's twelve years old. How many geographical regions will Daniel Larison improve? Amazing. I never knew how vacuous so many of my countrymen were until the Saudis began their quest for global improvement..."
" Thread on a near-death experience (NDE). I had one myself at 16, and my brother had one in 2012. But first... The Dutch cardiologist Pym van Lommel wrote the definitive book NDEs. He provides medical evidence for life after death. The strongest case is of a woman who needed a brain operation. She was operated on in a vertical position. They had to give her general anesthesia and lower her body temperature. She was hooked up to an electroencephalograph to measure her brain waves. This is the EEG we've all heard of. The operation could take place only when there was no brain activity, and it had to be done very rapidly. The woman survived and recovered. She described floating above the scene, and she was able to recreate the conversation between the surgeons, using medical terminology that she'd never heard before. My brother almost died of a full-body infection in 2012. For three nights he dreamed that he was in little boat on a still body of water, getting further and further from shore. The night sky was covered with mathematical equations and symbols that explained the meaning of life. He felt totally calm and at peace. He's done several photomontages of his dreams. They're quite beautiful. When I was 16, I had cardiac arrest in my bed. I'd always had irregular heartbeat, which is the number-one cause of cardiac arrest. I felt my heart stop, and then I flew up out of my bed and went through the ceiling. I shot through the sky like a rocket, heading toward a black tunnel. I felt no fear at all. In the tunnel, I accelerated to incredible speed. Then a Presence joined me. It wasn't human, but it suffused me with a sense of total, absolute love. A voice said, ""Don't worry. Everything will be all right."" It was neither male nor female. But it conveyed power that I couldn't imagine. Up ahead I saw a light, and then I entered a vista that went as far as the eye could see in all directions. The closest I can come to describing it is that it looked like a Mediterranean city. But it went out in all directions and up into the sky. I understood that it was everything that ever was, is, and will be. All of creation, in every universe. All the pieces suddenly locked into place, and I understood everything. ""So THAT'S what it all means!"" I thought. And then WHAMMO! I was back in my bed. Reentering my body felt like being hit by a truck. My heart had restarted by itself. I can't remember what I understood, but I still remember understanding. I still remember that sense of awe and joy that everything has a purpose. I spent the next thirty years in a state of confusion and rage, but eventually I regained that moment of clarity. Death is really nothing except transition. And everything is indeed all right..."
" ""Cheat and retreat"": The terrible American record of attempting to neutralize Hezbollah. Hezbollah was formed in Lebanon in 1982. A Shia Muslim group, it fought the Sunni PLO and then Israel. Since 1982, Iran and Syria have promised the US to disband Hezbollah. ""Tehran meant to use Hezbollah as a Trojan horse to turn Lebanon into a satrapy in all but name."" Satrapy = a province. ""The scheme outraged and frightened many in Lebanon, including the then-one-star Gen. Michel Aoun, who emerged as a champion of the campaign against the creation of a parallel army in Lebanon."" Michel Aoun is the current president of Lebanon. He opposes Hezbollah becoming a parallel army. Interesting, EH?! Back to Amir Taheri's piece. ""A promise to disband Hezbollah’s paramilitary wing became a major item in the secret negotiations that the late Ayatollah Ruhallah Khomeini’s government held with the Reagan administration in Washington in 1985-86."" ""Eight years later, Tehran was trying to sell the same bill of goods to a new US administration under President Bill Clinton."" ""In a 180-minute meeting in Damascus in 1993, Clinton’s Secretary of State Warren Christopher made an almost-identical deal with then-Syrian President Hafez Assad, who assured him that Tehran was also on board."" Fast forward to 2006. ""Russian Foreign Minister Yevgeny Primakov, an expert on the region, embarked on shuttle diplomacy to save Hezbollah from destruction in exchange for a promise that it would dissolve its armed units."" ""France went further by inviting Iran’s foreign minister at the time, Ali Akbar Velayati, to Paris, where he signed an accord with his French counterpart Herve de Charrette to guarantee the continued existence of Hezbollah in exchange for surrendering its arms."" ""The tactic that Tehran used in these cases is known in diplomacy as 'cheat-and-retreat.' When your back is against the wall, you sign whatever your adversaries want."" ""Then, because your adversaries do not have the same attention span, they will soon forget what you signed. Then you can resume your shenanigans until the next crisis."" ""It is a tactic that has saved Hezbollah several times in the past three decades."" Now, THIS is why the Middle East has changed forever: ""Muslim scholars have identified the absence of strong state structures as the principal reason for the historic weakness of Islamic nations and their domination by Western powers from the 19th century onward."" Now do you see why Mohammed bin Salman is rooting out corruption in Saudi Arabia? Saudi Arabia and EVERY OTHER NATION in the the region must become strong and able to stand up to pressure from westerners. King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud made peace with Israel and created new armed forces. In TOTAL SECRECY. He was a great, great man. His brother King Salman promised that everything would remain the same. What King Salman was saying was no abrupt policy shifts from ABDULLAH'S SECRET AGENDA OF REFORM. As Governor of Riyadh for fifty years, Salman was never once even ACCUSED of corruption. So the Saudis fooled the entire planet. Again. Effortlessly. WE were happy with meaningless promises that allowed Hezbollah to continue its reign of terror. The Saudis have apparently already begun an operation to free Lebanon. No massive war. No massive destruction. No piles of dead bodies. How will Lebanon be freed? New commander of the army. In Lebanon, the army is the ""guarantor of civil peace."" That means the army must be independent of Hezbollah. It's already happened. We're giving the Lebanese armed forces advanced weaponry, and we're training them here in the US. Hezbollah, Iran, and Assad anticipated a massive Israeli ground invasion and air campaign. The entire Hezbollah arsenal is geared toward fighting THAT kind of war. What happens if the Gulf Cooperation Council has the ability to knock out ALL of Hezbollah's weapons systems? And what if the GCC infiltrates 30,000 strategic special operators into Lebanon? Or 130,000? Trump understands that the US has done nothing but prolong the agony. So he'll support whatever the LOCALS decide to do. ""Cheat and retreat"" won't work with Saudi Arabia and her allies. Lebanon will soon be free. Count on it... ADDENDUM: Americans like the haunted, terrified Jennifer Rubin have argued FOREVER that the US must ""take charge"" in the Middle East. Well, has created a new role for us: partner. We get involved ONLY WHEN ASKED, and we LISTEN when told ""This is a really bad idea."" President Trump and our Middle Eastern allies have BROKEN THE CYCLE. Middle Easterners have a bright future. Guaranteed."
" Let's go back to 2013 and see how bad it was with North Korea. Kim Jong-un took power in late 2011 or early 2012, depending on who you ask. This is from March 8, 2013. ""The most specific open threat of a nuclear strike of any country against another."" Another piece. I forgot to note the date, but it's 2013. And the rest. So BOTH pieces says that Kim Jong-un is FAR WORSE than his grandfather and father. Leave it to al-Jazeera to tell the truth. ""This system makes a [factory] director, hitherto state-appointed and carefully supervised representative of the party and state, into the approximate equivalent of a private businessman."" ""Under the new system, factory directors will have the freedom to decide how, when and where they purchase technologies, raw materials and spare parts necessary for their enterprises."" ""They will also be allowed to decide who to sell to. They are also given the right to hire and fire workers, as well as to decide how much to pay for a particular job."" So people were TRAINED to work in the free market. Now this. ""The free markets are flourishing. As more and more people get used to free and capitalist style markets, the state-owned socialist economic system becomes increasingly forgotten about.” ""Thae added that the country’s welfare system has collapsed, and that 'millions of civil servants, army officers and security forces are dependent on bribes and state assets’ embezzlement for their survival.'"" ""North Koreans 'don’t care about state propaganda but increasingly watch illegally imported South Korean movies and dramas,' weakening the regime’s hold."" ""'These changes … make it increasingly possible to think about civilian uprising in North Korea as more and more people gradually become informed about the reality of their living conditions,' Thae argued."" ""'Today, Kim Jong Un thinks that only nuclear weapons and ICBMs (intercontinental ballistic missiles) can help him avert the continuing disintegration of the North Korea system,' he added."" No. It was KIM JONG-UN who instituted the reforms that made his people READY for reunification in a free-market system. And now Kim is giving up his missiles and nukes. Everything points to the June 12, 2018 summit actually happening. We started with 2013. Look what was saying while EVERYBODY ELSE was talking about Kim. Trump DID say this. AND GUESS WHAT? Have you ever seen Trump do THIS before? He does it when he wants OTHERS to feel that they have the upper hand. Here he is at the ""listening session"" after the Neanderthal kid shot up Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. On August 18, 2015, became the front runner for the GOP. Without explanation, North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) released this photo of Kim Jong-un on August 19, 2015. IF THE PRESS IS RIGHT, Kim Jong-un made a 180-degree turn for no reason at all. If I'M right, Trump and our allies freed Kim from China and the North Korean ruling elite, and now Kim will lead North Korea into an era of freedom. We have this. And we have this. And finally, we have this. ""We also hoped that the 'trump method' would solve both of our concerns and would be a smart way to meet our requirements and act effectively in solving problems."" I think--AND I COULD BE WRONG--that Kim Jong-un is another Trump, and he used the ""Trump Method"" until the Chinese stopped him. And then we biffed the Chinese quite hard, and now the summit is back on track. And another. And another. And of course this one. Here's what North Korean state TV showed. So I think all will be well... "
" Well, We have no idea how much money the GCC pumped into Israeli weapons designs. The Israelis worked miracles with $15 billion a year. It's entirely possible that the GCC gave Israel $5 TRILLION to play with. It THAT'S the case, the result is technology that we can't comprehend. There's no scientific literature on the Black Boxes. They are completely unknown technology. It's clear that the GCC can hack into any military and civilian communications systems. The North Koreans use self-propelled artillery and multiple launch rocket systems (MLRS). Nork self-propelled artillery pieces. Nork MLRS. The Norks have mobile systems to keep the from being targeted. In the past, this made the Norks VERY dangerous. But. Because the artillery is moved around, the fire-control systems have to be constantly updated. So our allies will hack into the Nork communications systems and make them fire on each other. They did it multiple times in Syria. And they did it in Turkey. Incirlik is 45 seconds by air from Ankara. The ""Turkish"" F-16s had long-distance fuel tanks and no bombs. The aircraft switched off all their lights in flight and turned on a white beacon that isn't standard for the F-16. The aircraft were controlling aerial electronic-warfare platforms. But the technology is beyond me. It's entirely possible that our allies have the ability to jam the Nork communication systems and broadcast a fake Kim Jong-un. I have no doubt that our allies' capabilities in computer-generated imagery (CGI) could create a fake Kim. I don't anticipate a massively violent strike. I think our allies will simply wreck the joint. Then the ball is in the Norks' court..."
" On December 4, 2017, the Iran-backed Houthis in Yemen killed former dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh, their ally. Yemen's main problem is that the Northerners, Central Yemenis, and Southerners come from completely different cultures. They've fought multiple civil wars over this issue. The Houthis are agents of the Iranian mullahs. As Yemeni analysts say, they carry out armed jihad for its own sake. The Houthi flag. God is Great Death to America Death to Israel A curse on the Jews Victory to Islam The movement is called ""Ansar Allah"" (Supporters of God). It's the Shia version of the Islamic State. The Houthi goal is to make Yemen into a state sponsor of armed jihad. Ali Abdullah Saleh and his supporters were fighting for power in YEMEN, not world domination. Like all good Iranian lackeys, the Houthis murder their opposition, use human shields, and stage attacks to blame on the Saudi-led Coalition. Ali Abdullah Saleh and his nephew Brigadier General Tariq Abdullah Saleh were ambushed and killed on December 4, 2017. Saleh senior was killed on the road, and his nephew was killed in his house in Sana'a. EXCEPT. Tariq Abdullah Saleh appeared in public alive and well five weeks after his ""death."" Commandos of the UAE Presidential Guard rescued him in the MIDDLE OF A GIANT AMBUSH. The commandos dodged Houthi death squads for three days, and then on December 7, 2017, the fought their way out of Sana'a, blasting through dozens of checkpoints and killing everyone in front of them. And now, THIS is what's happening. ""Thousands of soldiers and tribesmen sneaked into Aden, where they met Tareq and got together in military camps sponsored by the Saudi-led coalition."" My only correction is that these fighters were TRANSPORTED SECRETLY into Aden. ""Those forces did not spend much time at Aden’s military camp as they are elite forces and were in need of arms only."" ""Yemen Today television, the mouthpiece of Saleh’s General People’s Congress, reported Tareq’s forces reorganised in three brigades and the Saudi-led coalition equipped them with state-of-the-art arms, military combat vehicles and air defence systems."" ""Saleh’s aide said the forces were transported with their arms on the coalition’s ships to the Red Sea town of Mokha."" NO LEAKS. MORE amphibious landings done in total secrecy. ""Last week, columns of armed vehicles were seen moving into desert and mountainous areas in Taiz, opening a new battlefield."" Let's test you. Try and anticipate what I'm going to theorize. First the quote. Part one. ""Unlike other Yemeni forces who joined the fighting against Al Houthis since day one, Tareq’s forces fought alongside Al Houthis for three years."" Part two. ""Hence, analysts believe, they pose a serious threat to the militiamen as they are highly trained fighters who know the battlefields very well, and can identify Al Houthis’ locations and arms depots."" My theory is that was the plan all along. The Saudis had trained the Yemeni army and Special Forces for years. Another war with the Houthis was inevitable. I think a large percentage of the Yemeni army and special forces were double agents who only APPEARED to be allied with the Houthis. The goal was THIS MOMENT: Highly trained people who know EVERYTHING about Houthi defenses and war fighting are now going after the Houthis. The Yemenis who ""turned against"" the Houthis did not require any training. They already knew how to fight in the new way. ""Combined armed micro teams."" This vehicle has a CROWS: Common Remotely Operated Weapon Station. You have to be trained to use them. The speed with which Tariq Abdullah Saleh's forces adapted and then went into battle indicates that they were ready. So I think the Saudis pulled another fast one. Don't underestimate the Saudis. You won't live to do it a second time... ADDENDUM: I consider my theory confirmed. Major General Saleh's forces have the Pantsir-1 air-defense system. Another air-defense missile in its launcher. A variant of the Oshkosh M-ATV that doesn't officially exist. And MaxxPro MRAPs with turrets for automatic cannons. You don't hand this stuff over to militiamen. The Saudis and Yemenis pulled off another unprecedented strategic deception. In three years, the plan was never leaked. Amazing... ADDENDUM TWO: These are Major General Saleh's ""tribal fighters."" UH-HUH... "
" I don't live in ""Groundhog Day,"" so I won't spend any more time reassuring panicky ""supporters"" that Trump uses strategic distraction. Here's ONE thing he distracted from: The Japanese activated their new Marine Corps yesterday. This is gigantic news. The Japanese Marines are purely OFFENSIVE. Officially, they're called the Amphibious Rapid Deployment Brigade. The Japanese constitution prohibits offensive capabilities. Well, the Marines are an offensive asset. Did anyone in the Trump administration call attention to this? No, they didn't. The training began in 2016, For more than a year, we had no news about the Japanese Marine Corps. And now they're here. Their missions is to RETAKE OBJECTIVES that the Chinese illegally occupy. This is how Trump operates. He DISTRACTS from real news. We just helped the Japanese change the balance of power in the Pacific. In one day. ""But I'm afraid!"" I know. There's nothing I can do to help you, so STOP ASKING..."
" loses control and blows his cover. Here's what he says about himself. Who's more pro-Trump than I am? No reason for to go after me--except that he's a fake account. He uses the name ""Craig Benefield."" And he has a blue diamond after his name. So the combination of the fake Jewish-sounding name and the diamond show that he's pretending to be a Jew-hating Trump supporter. He followed me and I followed him back, and then he ""sprung his trap."" Except that it's not a trap. I just block people like him and move on. All that time and energy wasted. Social media makes people think they're significant. Ha... ADDENDUM: This creature was arrested in Alaska for very serious crimes against children. A genuine photograph, not retouched. The face of Trump-hate... "
" It's very likely that a massive, unprecedented military operation is underway. provided the distraction. This may be MORE distraction. And more. Here's an editorial from Opposite World. ""Two days ago the Houthi rebels in Yemen killed former President Ali Abdullah Saleh, two days after he declared his intention of 'opening a new leaf with the Arab coalition' established by King Salman bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud Salman about two years ago."" ""While this killing was shaking up the Saudi palace, on Monday Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri declared the cancellation of his resignation, which had been obtained through massive Saudi pressure."" Actually, Ali Abdullah Saleh was an utterly untrustworthy snake who got so tangled up in his corruption and machinations that he became a sitting duck. And there's no evidence whatsoever that Hariri resigned under Saudi pressure. Hariri wants a NEUTRAL Lebanon. That's why the US is transferring advanced weaponry to the Lebanese Army. The entire editorial is a droning monologue from the dead past. Saudi ACTIONS speak for themselves. In October of 2015, ALL the groups and governments we support began winning all their battles. It was like a switch had been thrown. NONE of the battles were filmed. The assault troops spearheading each operation NEVER appeared on camera. You can find tons of film of every war ever fought in the Middle East. Iran-Iraq. As front line as you can get. Iraqi tank crewmen running for cover as the Iranians fire thousands of rounds at them...and miss. From October of 2015, what came out of Yemen, Syria, and Iraq was MOPPING UP and CONSOLIDATING. We never saw the assault troops. There's a DELUGE of stories coming out now that I think are strategic distraction. Here's another one. And one more. YouTube terminated all the best accounts for combat footage from the Middle East. They never tell you why. This was an airstrike that killed Islamic State emirs or commanders in Manbij. One munition. Second munition. Third munition. They may have been dropping GBU-39 Small Diameter Bombs. In order to get the most accurate strike, you need a Joint Terminal Attack Controller (JTAC). This is an airman on the ground, talking to or signalling the pilots. The closer the JTAC, the more accurate the strike. This was FAR behind enemy lines. Behold the Arab JTAC. I can't tell if it's a motorcycle or an ATV. But I guarantee you that he's a Saudi. Since the Syrian Civil War started in 2011, we haven't seen a single Saudi or other Arab commando captured. But they fight FAR behind enemy lines. So I think something is up. Tonight. We'll know soon enough. Unless we don't..."
" HOLY SMOKES. Now, I'm not a hip-hop fan, . It's just not my cup of tea. I'm sure you understand. But I had NO IDEA that you had taken it this far. I am STUNNED. If anybody thought that is not sincere, listen to the lyrics. All your questions are addressed. Every single one. AND. The song is actually about letting the people decide how to feel about . He actually included every EFFECTIVE ARGUMENT against him. Note: ""effective"" doesn't mean ""correct"" or ""fair."" It just means the arguments that WORK. So, took EVERY EFFECTIVE ARGUMENT AGAINST HIM and put it into his own song. Nobody's ever done that. He's putting his money where his mouth is ON EVERY LEVEL. A giant leap into adversity. And he's doing it for ALL OF US. Thank you, Mr. West. I appreciate it. AND I had to correct all my frigging PTSD-induced mistakes, so that's why tweets disappeared. You people are following the wrong guy. I can barely write... ADDENDUM: For those unable to listen due to copyright issues, here are the lyrics. Kanye West versus The People. He's going ALL IN. This is totally unambiguous language. He's NOT saying ""Be a Republican!"" He's saying, ""Make your own decisions... "
" wants to ban something that's never been used in a mass shooting, as far as I know. Look at that ridiculous thing. Do you know how impractical it is? The guy who shot Gabby Giffords on January 8, 2011, killed 6 and wounded twelve. That's a total of 19. He was using 33-round magazines for his semiautomatic pistol. The video below is form a mumbling imbecile who thinks that magazine is useful. WELL, GUESS WHAT? During the Giffords shooting, the mass murder fired 33 rounds and hit 19 people. He then DROPPED the second fully loaded, unwieldy magazine before he could put it into the weapon, allowing the bystanders to overpower him. So AGAIN, it was the MURDERER who was the issue. He's insane AND incompetent. ONCE AGAIN, leftists go for the low-hanging fruit that also allows them to advance their agenda of total control of the population. Don't get me wrong: I have NO SYMPATHY WHATSOEVER for gun manufacturers, accessory manufacturers, and gun owners who boasted for DECADES about how many people they could kill. I have tow revolvers and a semiautomatic .40-caliber police carbine. I bought the carbine first, because my pigheaded father had begun drawing attention to himself the older he got. He bought an earsplitting gasoline-powered generator. ""When we have the earthquake, and everyone else has no power, we'll be the only houses in the valley with lights!"" ""What do you think will happen when you fire up the generator and turn on the lights?"" I asked him. ""Can you imagine the monsters who are goingto descend on us?"" That made him sulk. ""The I'll stand guard with a ball bat."" At 75 years old, with heart disease, diabetes, and kidney failure. So I bought a carbine, because I knew it had to be visually intimidating. A shotgun would require letting the person get too close, and an actual rifle would be dangerous for the neighbors. I loaded the carbine with bullets that expand on contact. They have massive stopping power. THEN my parents were the victims of a home invasion. The invaders were two women who weren't violent. So I bought two revolvers: a .357 magnum and a .38 special. The gun-store employees tried to sell me semiautomatic pistols, due to their higher capacities. Well, semiautomatic pistols are much more dangerous to the USER. People forget ALL THE TIME that a bullet remains in the chamber if you remove the half-empty magazine. My brother-in-law--an ARMY VETERAN--forgot about the round in his .45 after he removed the magazine. I'd counted the shots. He hadn't. So I stood behind him until he suddenly remembered and quietly ejected the live round. ""I meant to do that!"" Yeah. If I use my revolvers, I'm not going to have a stupid TV shootout. I'm going to use the weapon to kill somebody. I don't need 15 rounds to do that. BUT. The odds of me ever having to use my revolvers are small. I'm under no illusions about guns. Feinstein and the total gun maniacs are the yin and yang of firearms. I've met a few levelheaded firearm owners who view them as tools, nothing else. I never wanted to BE Charlton Heston. I don't want to fire a Browning Automatic Rifle. I turned down the opportunity to fire a real flamethrower. Why? It's a soldier's weapon. A solemn thing. I'm not a soldier. Firing a flamethrower for fun just doesn't interest me. I know too much about flamethrower troops. I'd watch SOMEONE ELSE firing a flamethrower. Especially a soldier or marine. But I myself am not interested. We can solve the gun issue by both sides taking a sober approach. Both sides have been unreasonable for too long. Calling all gun owners murderers is wrong. Taunting people with the POWER TO TAKE YOUR GUNS is stupid. I won't be upset if bump-fire stocks are banned. The truth is, you can bump-fire a weapon with your finger only. It takes practice and discipline to do so. Maniacs won't bother learning, and sane people can teach themselves, if they want. The gun debate is STATIC. I'm tired of it. My guess is not much will change in the gun-purchasing department. But we need to crack down on insanity. It's the civilized thing to do..."
" Well, I just go with what I read. I never looked into the death of Joe Scarborough's intern Lori Klausutis. She was found dead in his Fort Walton Beach office on July 20, 2001. She was 28 years old. I'm just going to quote from the medical examiner. ""Cardiac arrhythmia, or abnormal heart rhythms, halted Klausutis' heart and stopped her breathing, he said. The blow to the head contributed to the death because blood pooled at the point where the fracture occurred."" ""The blow to the head Klausutis received when she fell onto a desk at the congressman's office would have caused a significant injury, Berkland said, but he termed it 'just another symptom' of her death."" That was August 29, 2001. Here's September 01, 2001: ""The report states that Klausutis' death was caused by her head striking the edge of a desk in the office."" So we went from cause of death being cardiac arrhythmia to cause of death being a blow to the head. I have cardiac arrhythmia, for which I see a cardiologist. We keep it until control with psychotropic medication. The arrhythmia is caused by PTSD. It once led to full cardiac arrest. On September 01, 2001, the medical examiner said that Klausutis had ""floppy mitral valve disease."" This is actually called ""mitral valve prolapse"" (MVP). Even severe classic MVP almost never causes a person to pass out. Also, the symptoms of severe classic MVP develop gradually. You don't just keel over and die one day. But it doesn't really matter, because the medical examiner contradicted himself. He said she died of arrhythmia, and he also said she died of a blow to the head. BUT. This is what's important: ""'This finding is in marked distinction' from an 'injury which results from a moving object (example - a baseball bat) that strikes a stationary head,' the report states."" That's a straw man. Who said she was hit with a moving object? She could've been shoved or tripped, and she fell and hit her head on the desk. Again, right now is the first time I've ever looked into the this. The medical examiner contradicts himself. That's inarguable..."
" Do you remember when Obama was running, and Joe Biden said he was articulate? This may have too many f-bombs in it for your taste, but it's as articulate as you can get. What I hear is a guy who gave the other side every chance he could, and now he's angry. is speaking for MANY people. He's giving them a voice and a platform. If NORTH KOREA can work with us, ANYBODY CAN. So I'm very optimistic. I'm thinking that in two more years, you won't recognize the joint..."
" Iran can't get its story straight. First the regime said this. ""Washington 'has stepped up its acts of intervention in a grotesque way in Iran's internal affairs under the pretext of providing support for sporadic protests, which in several instances were hijacked by infiltrators, he said."" ""Last week, a number of peaceful protests over economic problems broke out in several Iranian cities, but the gatherings turned violent..."" ""When groups of participants, some of them armed, vandalized public property and launched attacks on police stations and government buildings."" Then the Supreme Leader weighed in. ""In recent days, enemies of Iran used different tools including cash, weapons, politics and intelligence services to create troubles for the Islamic Republic."" NOW we have this. ""The CIA has teamed up with Israel and Saudi Arabia to spark the protests that have rocked Iran over the past week, Iran’s prosecutor general said Thursday."" Nobody's ""staying on message."" That means they're rattled. In 2009, the leadership wasn't this incoherent. Interesting..."
" I WAS RIGHT. Last night I said that it appears that Iran and its lackeys have entered the ""Battalions of Death"" phase. Well... ""Yemen’s Ministry of Defence said Al Houthis had dispatched death squads to the Nehim battlefield to block government forces, and slow their advance towards Sana’a."" They mean ""Squads of Death."" Men whose only purpose is to die. I wrote about this three years ago. Unfortunately, YouTube is constantly deleting videos, so having a GOOD blog is no longer feasible. Armed forces that cherish their troops' lives will always win. It's not just a practical matter. The Houthis now have executioners BEHIND their men. If the men try to retreat, they're killed. The United Arab Emirates introduced mandatory military service in 2014. However. After 2015, conscripts were no longer required to fight outside the country. Americans have swallowed leftist propaganda about military issues. It began during the Vietnam War. The reality is that only 25 percent of troops in Vietnam were draftees. And only 30 percent of combat fatalities were draftees. The last person in the world qualified to talk about military issues is a leftist. For leftists, politics is everything, so they can't be trusted to tell the truth. Barack Obama was almost certainly the worst Commander-in-Chief we've ever had. He combined micromanaging, incompetence, timidity, anti-Americanism, and self-aggrandizing into a colossal mess. What makes Trump FAR superior is that he leaves military issues to the military. THIS person finds Trump's approach incomprehensible. But she prefers failure. Her entire career is the proof. Those of us who ACTUALLY support Trump want to win. We DO want to win so much that we get sick of it. But we'll never get sick of it, really. We'll never have Squads of Death sent out to act as moving targets. When you reach THAT point, it's time to pack it all in anyway..."
" This addiction to conflict is very unhealthy. And I have a personal reason for avoiding conflict. It's called ""My Entire Life."" My father was the most combative person who ever lived. If you said, ""How are you?"" he'd say, ""Why do you ask?"" But none of the rules WE had to live by applied to HIM. He was free to take offense at everything. But if WE took offense at anything HE did, we were unreasonable pussy willows who needed to man up. He died in 2013, but I still get PTSD flashbacks when people say certain things to me. I block because I'm not here to fight, to debate, to enlighten, to get followers,to become famous. I tweet ONLY to try and alleviate nervousness or outright fear. And anger, sure. I try to help people see that the president has everything under control, and he's having a good time. Being angry is normal, but I try to help people not let it consume them. I'm good at sniffing out fakers. Again, personal history..."
" The ""rehabilitation"" of Qatar begins. ""In recent months Riyadh and Abu Dhabi have softened calls for ousting Assad, instead urging a political settlement to the seven-year conflict."" ""Rival Qatar, however, slammed the assault as an outright 'massacre'."" ""'The State of Qatar expresses its strong... condemnation of the massacres and intensive aerial bombardments carried out by the forces of the Syrian regime,' read a statement released by Qatar's foreign ministry."" Remember: The Saudis are boycotting Qatar over its ties to Iran. Syria is Iran's main client state. Qatar is fiercely condemning Syria. From what I can gather, the residents of the Syrian suburb of Ghouta are underground. There are massive shelters from the Cold War, as well as catacombs and newly dug installations. I may as well tell you what I've known since 2015: The GCC uses microtunnel boring machines (MTBMs) that can go 60 to 200 feet a day underground. That's with KNOWN MTBM technology. They can bore a tunnel five feet high, which is all they need. Using MTBMs, they can assault positions OR they can connect existing underground structures in order to offer shelter for civilians. Imagine being able to bore 200 feet a day. Also, I'm sure they use camouflets. There are two types: The first type is a hole bored down from above. Then you pump fuel-air explosives into the tunnel. The second type of camouflet is set off UNDER the tunnel. You use your MTBM to go 200 feet a day until you're under the enemy installation, and then you fill YOUR tunnel with fuel-air explosives. It took me a LONG time to find the article that I used at the beginning of this thread. All the other ""news"" is nothing but impotence and doom. Even though I don't know what's going on in Syria, I can tell you for SURE that it isn't what the press is reporting..."
" Today's talking point is ""Who needs a semiautomatic rifle?"" Irrelevant. The Constitution grants you the RIGHT to one. You hear leftist wags say that the Second Amendment grants you the right to a musket. Well, Benjamin Franklin and George Washington were aware of the Belton semiautomatic musket, which fired eight rounds with eight pulls of the trigger. Here we go. On May 3, 1777, Congress commissioned the manufacture of 100 semiautomatic muskets for the Continental Army. So, ""Who needs a semiautomatic rifle?"" is irrelevant. The Founding Fathers THEMSELVES worked to create semiautomatic rifles. Therefore if Congress tries to ban semiautomatic weapons, it will be deemed unconstitutional. Clearly the Founders wanted Americans to have semiautomatic weapons. Any lawyer in the world would be able to prove it in court... ADDENDUM: This is why I'm not a fan of Dana Loesch. She was unaware of the Belton semiautomatic musket and made a fool of herself arguing that the Founders MUST HAVE known about some obscure patents for a different weapon. All she had to do was argue that the Founders PERSONALLY tried to have semiautomatic muskets manufactured. Here's all the correspondence. But she didn't know her history, so a great opportunity was squandered... ADDENDUM TWO: I have been corrected. Dana Loesch DID mention the Belton gun in the CNN town hall. But look what the anti-gun woman got away with: Anti-gun woman: ""There were no rapid-fire weapons when the second amendment was ratified."" Loesch: ""Yes there were."" Anti-gun woman: ""That doesn't make it right."" Loesch: ""You raise a good point."" Maybe it's because I've survived far more than anybody there, but I never let people get away with dishonesty, regardless of who they are. The woman instantly moved the goalposts, and Loesch let her, because the woman lost her husband. This was EIGHT DAYS after the shooting. The whole things was pretty obscene. Just completely dishonest and unfeeling and dirty pool. I wouldn't in a billion years take part in a gun debate eight days after a shooting, when it was already clear that the narrative had been set in stone. Let me tell you as clearly as I can without getting into details: There are WORSE things than losing a spouse. You don't want to know what those things are. Maybe it's just that I'm immune to manipulation. At any rate, the point is that the Founders DID intend us to have semiautomatic rifles, which are NOT ""weapons of mass destruction."" Supporters of the Second Amendment need to become more effective at defending this right. You can do it without giving in to blatant dishonesty and playing of the victim card..."
" Why am I not diving into the FBI-Trump-Russia situation? Ezra Cohen Watnick. He's why. Ezra Cohen-Watnick (ECW) is a former Defense Intelligence Agency employee who Michael Flynn hired to work on the National Security Council. There are no verified photos of ECW. The one photo that we're told is him? Not verified, so I won't post it. Not a single person in the Trump administration would talk about ECW. He's a spook. Remember this? ""Ezra Cohen-Watnick, the suddenly prominent White House National Security Council official at the center of a bizarre backdoor maneuver to provide House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes with top-secret documents on government surveillance."" ""Cohen-Watnick reportedly retrieved the documents from a classified CIA terminal in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building next to the White House and gave them to Nunes, a California Republican who had been a member of Trump’s transition team."" ""They were intended to prove that former President Barack Obama was 'wire tapping' Trump during the 2016 campaign. The documents did no such thing, other members of the panel concluded after studying them."" ""The incident triggered a House Ethics Committee probe into Nunes and forced him to recuse himself from his own panel’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 elections."" You know what happened? Everything I just quoted above? The writer William Goldman described the nature of the operation above. He used basketball as an analogy. If someone has the ball, and there's someone blocking them, the person with the ball will do one of two things: Fake right and go left; or fake right, fake left, and then go right. Goldman said these don't really work. The SMARTEST thing to do is to fake right and then GO right. You make the opponent think that your initial move is a feint, so they prepare for a DIFFERENT move. So ECW and Nunes faked right and then WENT right. They pretended that the INITIAL handover of intelligence was a clown show. Well, NOW look where we are. While everybody looked in the wrong direction, Nunes wrote his memo, which summarizes the corruption and illegal actions of the FBI and the Justice Department. sent a truly hilarious tweet in May of 2017. It's hilarious in hindsight. Lieu is one of the people who was fooled by ECW faking right and going right. See the date of Lieu's tweet? May of 2017. The FBI Assistant Director for Counterintelligence is Bill Priestap. In May of 2017, he began pushing for stronger law-enforcement action against the Chinese. The aggressive approach he recommended could also be applied to ANY espionage conducted inside the United States. Bill Priestap had an ally who joined with him to make counterintelligence threats a top priority. His ally was Ezra Cohen-Watnick. I recommend not listening to ANYBODY who tells you something definitive about all this. Nothing is as it seems. That's by design. Remember: Fake right and GO right. ECW and Nunes put THE REAL STUFF OUT THERE, but they did it in such a histrionic way that everybody sneered and lost interest. They laughed at Nunes. Are they laughing now...?"
" This article says DACA recipients get work permits. Guess what? They have no skills. Will they be allowed to stay and go on welfare? No. So while tons of people were screaming, ""Deport 'em!"" the president and the GOP figured out a SMARTER way of doing it. There are 670,000 of them who registered under DACA. Of those people, maybe a quarter will vote. Propaganda WORKS. People read a tweet, and they lose their minds. As things improve, the more more hysterical people get. They seem to be proving that--like our political leaders--they wanted the status quo forever. Personally, I find it disgusting. It's like finding out that your outwardly stable friend secretly identifies as a smooth-scaled quintuple-orificed golden dragonkin, or whatever..."
" Huge news for Yemen. Major General Fadhel Yahya Al Qawsi is the former commander of the Yemeni Special Security Forces AND he's a tribal leader. He arrive in Marib, east of the capital of Sanna. The Coalition uses Marib as an operations center, depot, and staging ground. This means that Major General Al Qawsi is ready to fight. The Houthis went insane after the killing of the ally, former dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh. They celebrated by smashing everyone and everything. As a result, they LOST all their allies. The Houthis don't grasp the concept of ""actions have consequences."" ""The governor of Sana’a, Abdul Kawi Shoref, said that a number of officers from the Republican Guards and Saleh’s party have recently arrived in Marib, vowing that Hadi’s government would receive them with open arms."" ""Meanwhile, on the battlefield, Yemen’s Defence Ministry said on Saturday that government forces liberated a number of small mountains in Nehim district, just outside of Sana’a."" Mountain warfare--especially against a MOUNTAIN CULTURE--is incredibly difficult. Often your men have to advance single file on narrow paths. One company of 200 men can be forced to stretch out for a mile. Therefore it's clear that the Yemeni government is using small units with massive firepower. I'm sure they're being landed by helicopter. And today the THIRD simultaneous ground offensive is revealed. Here are the current ground offensives: Hodeidah, Sana'a, and Al-Bayda. Again: THERE WAS NO STALEMATE. The Coalition was PREPARING. You don't get such fast ground offensives without LONG preparations..."
" Okay. Let's do a quick study to see whether semiautomatic weapons are a societal harm. We have a population of 330 million. In 2016, we had 11,004 firearm murders. Of these, 374 were committed with rifles. That means that there were FEWER than 374 murders committed with semiautomatic rifles. So in a population of 330 million, we had fewer than 374 murders committed with semiautomatic rifles. In 2016, there were 2,744,248 reported deaths. Not by any stretch of the imagination can semiautomatic rifles be called a societal danger. Glad to have helped..."
" Here's one of those rare pieces in which every single person is a lunatic spouting total lunacy. If you're STILL never Trump, you're crazy. Period. ""If you really thought it was a crime you would support things like life in prison, no parole, for treating it as a homicide."" Nobody knows what ""homicide"" means! ""Homicide"" is not murder. The term ""homicide"" means ""the killing of a human by another human."" Cops commit homicide when they shoot to death a criminal shooting at them. He wants to HANG women for having abortions! Do we live in a theocracy? This is MADNESS. And then Jeffrey Goldberg says ""This runs contrary to The Atlantic’s tradition of respectful, well-reasoned debate, and to the values of our workplace.” That's the most laughable statement of them all. The Atlantic is a loony bin. Every single person in that story is unhinged. I'll risk alienating readers by disclosing my views on abortion. It's only fair. I PERSONALLY find it abhorrent, but I think it should be an issue between a woman and her doctor. In other words, I can't support enforced pregnancies. The abortion issue is a direct result of crappy parenting. I resent the HELL out of being thrust into this argument because individuals won't take responsibility for their actions. My solution is to leave it to women and their doctors. I fully understand both sides of the argument. AND I'm disgusted by both those who reduce abortion to a rite of passage AND those who want to HANG woman for having abortions. If we want this to be more than a political issue, we have to make some huge sacrifices, such as NOT making stars out of young women who trade in harlotry. Britney Spears has a younger sister who looked eerily like her. She was the Replacement Britney, waiting in the wings for when her older sister burned out. Jamie Lynn Spears was ""waiting until marriage""--and then she got pregnant at 16. And the public said, ""COOL!"" Right now, I just had to look up her name, because I didn't know it. I don't know the names of the Kardashian daughters or the Jenner girls. I find all of this too depressing to follow, so I don't follow it. If we REALLY want to deal with abortion, we're going to have to do a hell of a lot of work. We're going to have to REJECT most of our popular culture. The vast majority of the public won't do that. So I basically abstain from the debate. The TERMS of the debate have become extremist. Making abortion a sacrament AND wanting to hang women? There's no place in that debate for someone like me... ADDENDUM: You're proving my wisdom in abstaining from the debate... "
" Dear repulsive, utterly immoral leftists: You're not fooling anyone. When Bush was president, you guys supported Iraq Veterans Against the War. You maligned our troops by accusing them of war crimes. You supported pieces of offal, like John Murtha. NOW, you tell us that YOU support the troops, while Trump doesn't. What's your basis for this claim? Twitter. That's how stupid you are. If it doesn't appear on Twitter, then it doesn't exist. You have no idea what the president does in private. See, YOU use fallen soldiers as political props. The president doesn't. This is how depraved you are. You EXPECT everything to be public now. How do the families feel about people using their fallen loved ones as political props? Not very good. That's why the families don't GO PUBLIC with what the president said to them. To recap: Leftists accused our troops of being war criminals. NOW, you're claiming that YOU are the ones who care. This is beyond obscene. Therefore, you will pay dearly at the ballot box. There are lines that ALL sane Americans refuse to cross. You cross these lines without the slightest hesitation. As a result, you will be punished. You will lose all political power for decades. It begins in 2018. Nobody deserves banishment more than you..."
" Touchstone - a standard or criterion by which something is judged or recognized. Trump is a touchstone, a standard by which I judge others. If you HATE Trump, it means there's something very wrong with you. The Atlantic fired Kevin Williamson. His colleagues at Nation Review are outraged. But the article doesn't tell us the specific reason Williamson was fired. Why not? Because Williamson has an indefensible position: Women who get abortions should be HANGED. But National Review hates Trump. Therefore they defend the indefensible but hide that fact. They twist themselves into knots. This is from the article at National Review: ""The Atlantic has caved to the intolerant mob and fired Kevin Williamson, and in so doing has contributed to a slanderous fiction — that Kevin is so beyond the pale that he has no place at one of the nation’s premiere mainstream publications."" In reality, the Atlantic is a cesspool of madness. The Atlantic has no connection to reality. You couldn't pay me ANY AMOUNT OF MONEY to write for the Atlantic. It's poisoning our culture. Kevin Williamson became more and more unhinged as Trump became more and more successful. I told you before that I once liked a pundit who uses the pseudonym Jim Treacher. He once made a deeply slanderous remark about Trump supporters, so I proved him wrong. Not angrily. I just proved the evidence. His response? ""Oh look. A cute Trumpkin sends me a message."" This is a man who HATES. As a result of being crazy, Jim Treacher got the snot beat out of him by the police, and then he posted the photos and agreed with the cops that he was a fat, weepy boy-man who deserves to be mocked. This is mind-boggling self-debasement. And I'll tell you something: EVERY Trump hater has something that sick inside him or her. Give it time. It'll come out. By any societal standard, I'm a total failure. But do you see me coming on Twitter to abuse, debase myself, and generally try to make the world worse? Trump appeals to those of us who are HEALTHY. We want improvement. You could say that I WORSHIP improvement and those who bring it about. In an improved society, a lot of what we currently fight about will disappear. Another reason I support Trump. I don't care about Kevin Williamson's problems. He wanted to work at the ATLANTIC! To me that's like wanting to work for Rosie O'Donnell. Rosie and the Atlantic are about tearing down and enslaving. I couldn't look myself in the mirror if I were helping them in their mission of destruction..."
" I'll just say this: It would never in a billion years occur to me to say, ""Don't read that guy!"" By saying that, I would acting like a cult leader. I don't want followers, in the REAL sense of he word. I follow and . I consider them friends. But we don't agree on everything. We get around it by not challenging each other. ""Well, Brian-Saul, I must speak up!"" Why? Seriously: Why must I tell Brian and Saul that I don't agree on THIS or on THAT? Why would I need to tell them? So if someone ORDERS you to not read someone else, it's a sign of major issues. Also, the guy makes predictions that don't come true, and he has secret sources. I have no sources. Some Big dogs follow me. They've never sent me secret messages. They WILL NEVER DO SO, because that's not my role. I believe everything I write. This is the first time in my life that people are paying attention to what I write. I don't like it. This is a responsibility that I didn't want. But! Nobody forced me to do this. So I'm not BITCHING. All is well. Even so, I'm aware that people EXPECT me to be honest. They follow me in good faith, so I can't violate that trust. I see every follower as an individual, a real human. The other guys see you as numbers. They want to use you. I was used without mercy my whole life. So I can't do it to others..."
" The Israelis told us what would happen. On Sunday, Israeli defense officials warned that clashes with Iran could be rapidly approaching, briefing members of the press about recent Iranian efforts toward a suspected retaliatory strike against military targets in northern Israel in the immediate future..."" ""In response to recent airstrikes against Iranian targets in Syria that have been attributed to the Jewish state."" THAT is one of the reasons we have this. This is all very complicated, so let me break it down. The attack on the T4 base was a COMMANDO RAID, not an air strike. There's no aerial munition with this signature. The damage indicates that commandos went in with gun trucks and blew the hell out of the hangers. Look how there are no holes in the wall close to the camera. A front view. No holes in the wall up near the roof. AND NO HOLES IN THE ROOF. This is a multi-engine jet transport flying over Lebanon. It turned off all its navigation and anti-collision lights. There's one white light on the belly. This is electronic-warfare equipment. I don't know what it does. Almost certainly it has something to do with jamming. The reason Iran is blaming Israel is that the mullahs are hoping to rally the Muslim world. Of course the UN is HELPING Iran. What does THIS tell you? ""According to UN human rights chief, Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein..."" So we already know how the investigation will end. The UN will go forward with the FALSE claim that the Palestinians were protesting. Therefore the report will conclude that the Israelis committed war crimes by firing on them. In reality, this was a Hamas attack plan--organized by Iran. ""There is a prohibition for Hamas operatives to approach the border, from a fear that they will be killed or captured by IDF troops, unless the security fence falls and then they must enter, armed, into Israel under the cover of the masses and carry out terror attacks."" All but two of the dead were military aged males. Hamas admits that almost all of the dead were terrorists. AND Hamas admitted what I THEORIZED, that the terrorists were already on scene, ready to go into Israel. ""When we talk about ‘peaceful resistance,’ we are deceiving the public. This is a peaceful resistance bolstered by a military force and by security agencies."" Hamas had terrorists and weapons on scene. When the 40,000 crazed young men tore down the fence, hundreds of terrorists would've gone into Israel. But for the FIRST TIME EVER, Hamas had its ass handed to it. Commandos of the Gulf Cooperation Council were in the crowd, and they killed the terrorists before the plan could be carried out. There's absolutely no way that IDF snipers could have picked out DISGUISED Hamas terrorists in THIS. This is what the snipers saw. The only way that so many Hamas terrorists were killed was by commando action. There were men on the Gaza side. Hamas had members disguised as the press and as paramedics, relaying information to the commanders. Those FAKE reporters and paramedics were killed. This was the greatest danger Israel has faced. The Israelis excel in conventional warfare. At the border, EACH SHOT had to be approved by an officer. Hamas has ALWAYS used IDF rules of engagement AGAINST the IDF. So this time, there were men with their OWN rules of engagement. Finally, these UN reports never accomplish anything. The UN will issue a strongly worded condemnation, but guess what? WE STILL HAVE OUR EMBASSY IN JERUSALEM. So F*CK YOU, United Nations. Israel won. The Iranian mullahs are next on the chopping block. It's a new world. Terrorists are up against men and women who are UTTERLY RUTHLESS. Live and let live, or you die. I approve... ADDENDUM: The GCC is Chico, and the mullahs and their lackeys are Alex. "
" The better the soldier, the more humane. It's a natural law. In every war, the better soldiers are ALWAYS more humane. World War I: the Canadians were the best. World War II: Americans were the best. By ""best,"" I mean the ones who had mastered the art of war. Since October of 2015, tens of thousands of Muslim commandos have fought in Yemen, Syria, and Iraq. There's no ABSOLUTE CONCRETE EVIDENCE that this is true. In other words, they aren't taking credit. That means they don't care about glory. And THAT means they can be trusted. The Saudis announced on October 24 that they're going to build cities that will choose their own laws and rules, regarding religion. That means that ALL values will be respected in Saudi Arabia. That reduces the changes of a coup to almost zero. The Saudis have given their armed forces virtual autonomy in how to prosecute the wars. The Iraqis followed suit--and that's when they began winning. The Kurds lost Kirkuk without major bloodshed. SOMEONE took the time to CONFUSE the Kurds into leaving the city. The goal was to spare lives. I think the DIFFERENCES in our cultures were overstated. So I'm not worried about the future. The Saudi crown prince said, ""We want to live a normal life, as part of the world community."" I believe him. Traditionally, Islam divides the world into two ""houses"": ""Dar al-Islam"" is the House of Submission, and ""Dar al-Harb"" is the House of War. ""House of War"" means Muslims can wage war on us with impunity. Well, now we have THIS: ""Dar al-Amn."" House of Safety. I've studied Islam since 9/11. I've never come across this term. ""House of Safety"" means ""Countries where Muslims are safe."" The concept of ""Submission or War"" is being supplanted by ""Live and let Live."" The Stealth Reformation has resulted in the idea that as long as Muslims are free to practice their religion, there's no problem. Turkey and Iran used FORCE to impose secularism. The new concept of House of Safety is totally brilliant. It means that nations will be considered friendly even though they aren't Muslim. And THAT is the end of the conflict between Islam and other religions. They're not kidding around. The Reformation happened in total secrecy. Stunning genius..."
" We have to stop these fake ""racist incidents."" The letter was folded over when the ink was still wet. Who sends wet letters? There's only one Lexi McKelley in the US. These are all the same person. This image is from Ask.fm. Salisbury, Pennsylvania. January 20, 2016. This is fake. Another fame-obsessed, disturbed young woman is causing trouble. We need to make these people pay a price for their actions. That's the only way this will stop."
" I have PTSD so bad that I have to be a hermit. This guy was no hero. They kicked him out two weeks ago. So he came back with a rifle, terrorized everybody, murdered three WOMEN, and killed himself like the gutless turd he was. America, it's time to start STIGMATIZING various behaviors. People like this dead shithead are taking advantage. Notice that I said stigmatize BEHAVIORS. You can't let people use their circumstances as a rationale to act out. Civilized societies must protect THOSE WHO DO NOT CAUSE TROUBLE. THEY must be the first in line. Everything is backwards. The violent and destructive get all the breaks. That must change. Also, what good is SWAT when you refuse to use them? Cops are taking too long to learn this: The bad guy must be engaged and neutralized as quickly as possible. This guy shot at the cops, and then they tried to contact him to talk. Now three women are dead. Society has to become more ruthless than these mass murderers. All of them are drowning in self-pity. That can be used against them. I'm guessing that we'll find out that this guy made threats, and nobody did anything. PTSD makes people untouchable. That is WRONG. We have to return to a society that protects the productive from the rejects. Letting people commit mass murder is not a sign of moral superiority. The police need to create and train three-man hunter-killer squads. That's all you need. Three people. Their job is to enter, find, and kill. When a guy is thrown out of a program and returns with a rifle, shoots at the cops, and holds hostages, it doesn't take a genius to figure out what's going to happen. He was there for revenge. And again, the PERSON and the COPS were the problem. I'm sick of moral preening and posturing. The Tunisian police responded to the Bardo Museum attack in two minutes. They rescued hundreds while engaging in a two-hour gun and hand-grenade battle. There's no reason why our cops can't do the same. Mass murderers are pitiless. Society must beat them at their own game..."
" It was this. The Saudis BEHEAD people. Why would they hire Americans to hang princes upside down? ""The source says the crown prince is desperate to assert his authority through fear and wants to uncover an alleged network of foreign officials who have taken bribes from Saudi princes."" Demented. The last person on earth who wants to dominate through fear is Mohammed bin Salman. You've been reading about how the Saudis are emancipating women and reaching out to Israel? This is making the House of Saud LESS powerful. Currently, Saudi Arabia is an absolute monarchy. That can't last. The Saudis are planning new cities in which the RESIDENTS choose their religious laws. In 2018, the Saudis will begin issuing their first-ever tourist visas. They're head for a PLURALISTIC society. That means LESS POWER for the king. So the story is a lie. Either it's Iranian propaganda or Saudi disinformation. The Saudis disguise their MULTIPLE, INCOMPREHENSIBLE operations with stories of strife, confusion, failure, and incompetence. King Salman and his son use bigotry as camouflage. Instead of trying to prove the world wrong, the Saudis go along with the notion that they're just oil sheiks who bribe everybody. To this day, military ""experts"" tell me that it's not possible for Arabs to be incredible soldiers. Ha! The 1st Moroccan Infantry Division were the best assault troops in World War I. The US Marines were blown away by how good they were. Captain John W. Thomason Jr. wrote ""Fix Bayonets!"" It includes great illustrations. The US Marines learned tons about close combat from Arabs and Africans. What's happening now is that the Middle East is beginning to see itself in terms of ITSELF, not how it compares to the US or Europe. The Saudis are already churning indigenous aircraft designs. THAT is the ultimate sign of arrival. An aviation industry is incontrovertible proof of advancement. So I'm very optimistic. THEY made me optimistic. Through their actions..."
" The Kurds destroy another Turkish M60 Patton tank. There's no doubt. This is a tower of flame. The tank ""cooked off."" That means the ammunition burned, which destroyed the interior of the vehicle. In this next video, count the seconds between the visual explosion and the ""BOOM!"" Ten seconds. That means the target was two miles away. That was a hell of a shot. The weapon was a 9M113 Konkurs, which is rated to 2.5 miles, BUT you need a lot of training to pull that off. The Turks are having their butts handed to them on a silver platter. That's what they get for underestimating Kurds and Arabs..."
" I think we've had a tectonic shift in Lebanon. First, there's this. ""In a statement, Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri said the visit took place six days ago and was a 'violation of Lebanese laws,' without specifying further."" ""He added that he had instructed authorities to investigate and 'take measures to prevent any person from carrying out military activities on Lebanese territory...and to prevent the person in the video from entering Lebanon.'"" Now, how do you prevent military activity from being carried out in your territory? There's only one way: With your own armed forces. The Lebanese prime minister has ordered the armed forces to prevent Hezbollah from carrying out military activities while in Lebanon. We've been transferring advanced weaponry to the Lebanese armed forces. This is a six-man squad of the Lebanese Airborne Regiment, part of the Lebanese Special Operations Command (LSOCOM). They have a rocket launcher. You can see the rockets in their green carrying tubes. This MAY be the the rocket launcher. They also have a machine gun, and the man on the right has a B5 Systems Enhanced SOPMOD Stock on his rifle. SOPMOD = Special Operations Peculiar MODification. His ear muffs likely indicate that he's the rocket gunner. These six guys could take out an entire town. NOW let's look at a video from the Lebanese Army. This is a machine-gun and rocket-propelled grenade position. Both men wear Kevlar helmets, and one wears sand-colored desert boots. At the bottom of the screen is a motor scooter. You know who wears helmets and uses motor scooters? Hezbollah. I think that was a Hezbollah position, and the Lebanese army blew it up. If the Lebanese army now outguns Hezbollah because of weapons transfers, training, and thousands of attached commandos, what's Hezbollah going to do? Complain to the UN? It COULD BE--and this is a VERY BIG LEAP--that Hezbollah has already been defeated in Lebanon. Hariri wants an end to conflict. What if the Lebanese army and its allies defeated Hezbollah without making a huge production out it? The goal is to simply make Hezbollah stop using violence. What if the Lebanese army is slowly and quietly disarming Hezbollah without announcing it? The end result will be Nasrallah in his bunker, raving all by himself. My gut tells me that this is exactly what's happened. The dynamics in Lebanon changed almost overnight. Now Hariri is behaving like a man in full control but NOT out for vengeance. So the ""war"" may have already taken place. Maybe it was won in a matter of hours. Remember: The Qataris supplied Iran and therefore Hezbollah with all the technology used in the missiles. What if the Saudi-Qatar rift is strategic deception, and Qatar already ""switched off"" all of Hezbollah's weapons? Trump recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, and then there was a burst of anti-Saudi news. I think it was all part of the plan. I think the plan was to take all eyes off of Lebanon. That's just a guess, of course. But Hariri has changed. He APPEARS to have won. I think that's almost certainly true..."
" A lesson in how the Saudis get things done THEIR WAY. THIS is the only part that matters: ""A senior Saudi official said Prince Alwaleed was freed after he reached a financial settlement with the attorney general."" He was considered UNTOUCHABLE. Do you think he feels that way NOW? Here's what's really funny: Arabs are famous for flowery speech that goes on forever. Westerners consider themselves people of action. The reality is now the OPPOSITE. I've lost track of the tectonic changes sweeping the Middle East. And here in the US, we're bogged down on WORDS. Did you ever seethe Kurt Russell movie ""Soldier""? One of my favorites. Russell takes over an enemy assault vehicle the size of a building. The commander of the enemy force sends him a message: ""Turn right and go to point B and fire missiles."" Russell: ""Affirmative."" But Russell doesn't turn. Commander: ""Vehicle 2, I say again, turn right and go to point B and fire missiles."" ""Affirmative."" Russell still doesn't turn. ""Vehicle 2, turn right immediately!"" ""Affirmative."" ""Vehicle 2, you are on a collision course with me!"" ""Affirmative."" WHAMMO! You can say WHATEVER YOU WANT, as long as your ACTIONS are the right ones. That's how the Saudis are operating. You need to look only at their actions. Words mean nothing..."
" ""All good things to those who wait."" Patience. This is one of the only genuine combat photos of Austrian flamethrower troops in action. You can order it from the museum, but there's a limitation to the resolution. These are bureaucrats, not historians. And Austrians are notoriously unhelpful. Like the Germans, they want to sweep their history under the carpet. So I waited. And I finally got my OWN copy. From Hungary. It's original, taken with a view camera on August 25, 1917. Since this is my own copy, I can scan it to whatever resolution I want. The detail is incredible. They wear cloth helmet covers with drawstrings, and they've PAINTED the covers. You can see the drips. All the equipment. Grenade bags, cloth gas-mask carrier, and carbine. Clear as day. I had this on my want-list for ten years. And here it is! Worth the wait. All good things are..."
" asks a question. What follows is my own interpretation of events. The Jewish people were physically removed from their land three times. The Egyptians and Assyrians did it in the 8th century BC, and then the Romans did it in the 6th century BC. In the years 66–70 AD, the Romans utterly destroyed the province of Judea and deported all the Jews. Greeks and Romans moved in. The Arabs arrived in about 640 AD. In Jerusalem, the Muslim Dome of the Rock is built ON TOP of the ruins of the Jewish Temple. The Jewish diaspora saw Jews settle in every part of the world. Zionism--the national movement arguing for the creation of the Jewish state--was founded by Theodor Herzl in 1896. Jewish people call the return to the homeland ""Aliyah."" The First Aliyah actually took place in 1882. They settled on land purchased from the Ottoman Turks, who ruled the area called Palestine. And I forgot that the Babylonians destroyed the First Temple in Jerusalem in 586 BC. This is incredibly hard to keep track of. The end of World War I in 1918 saw the end of the Ottoman Empire. The League of Nations created the British Mandate for Palestine, which came into effect in 1923. But the San Remo Resolution of April 25, 1920, called on Britain to establish a Jewish state in Palestine without abusing the civil and religious rights of existing non-Jewish communities already there. Since the Ottoman Empire no longer existed, the world had to figure out what to do with Palestine. The British Mandate expired on the morning on May 15, 1948. The day before, the Israelis declared their independence in Tel Aviv. When the Mandate expired, Israel came into being. The day that Israel came into being, she was attacked by Egypt, Jordan, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, the Holy War Army, the Arab Liberation Army, the Muslim Brotherhood, and Pakistani and Sudanese volunteers. The Occupied Territories today are actually historical Judea and Samaria. The POPULAR conception is that Jews came roaring in and stole land. Just not true. The world agreed that the Jewish people would return to their ancestral homeland. What happens now? My guess is that the Palestinian territories will become part of Israel. We're looking at a federation, I think. The Palestinians will have a level of self-rule but not a nation. The Palestinian Authority is basically a mafia. All Palestinian political parties have armed terrorist wings. My guess is that most Palestinians will prefer to live as part of the Federal Republic of Israel, or whatever it ends up being called. There's a long way to go, but the end is in sight..."
" Question from , about Saudi Arabia's changes. In 2003, Saudi Arabia had a vicious internal war, in which al-Qaeda came close to overthrowing the House of Saud. This book covers it. I've spoken to author Thomas Small. He has no axe to grind. AND he speaks fluent Arabic. Small interviewed Saudi security officials who fought the war. So we have the 2003 war that the Saudis found difficult to fight at first. In May of 2015, I read that FIFTY Arab special forces were landed at Aden. They split into two two groups and went to Little Aden (red) and Crater (green), the last two holdouts against the Houthis. These two units of 25 men went behind enemy lines for two months and wreaked total havoc with ""modern weapons such as rockets."" The Saudis resupplied them with GPS-guided parachute cargo-delivery systems. These two groups of 25 men held off about 40,000 Houthis for two months. And then THIS happened. Those are actually Emirati armored vehicles. It was the largest amphibious landing in the history of the Middle East, but there isn't isn't a single photo, video, or satellite image. AND no leaks. WE could no do what the Saudis were doing. And then I saw this video. The launcher is an American BGM-71 TOW ""set."" The TOW is an antitank guided missile. It weighs 50 pounds and flies at over 700 miles per hour. So just HITTING someone with an inert TOW would kill him. But the TOW has explosive warheads. The guy behind the tent should've had all his bones broken, and then he should've been atomized. Instead, he stood up, unharmed. I therefore realized that these two frames came from two different events. The man is an actor, and the missile is not a TOW. Gradually I came to realize that the people WE thought we rebels were actually professional soldier. I began researching Arab armed forces, and discovered that they'd created new ""combined arms"" units. The UAE Presidential Guard, for example, has its own tanks, air power, artillery, and naval capabilities. Saudi Arabia is silent about its capabilities, but they have tons of schools that teach unconventional warfare. The Saudis have three armed forces: The military = Ministry of Defense The Security Services = Ministry of the Interior The Saudi Arabian National Guard (SANG) = Ministry of the SANG The SANG existed to protect the House of Saud from coups. Therefore the SANG was kept separate from the other armed services. Well, the three armed forces cooperated to defeat al-Qaeda in Saudi Arabia. From that point on, they were essentially integrated. It appears that the massive changes in Saudi Arabia began in 2003, when the House of Saud decided that its own personal safety was not as important as the safety of the kingdom. In 2006, the Saudis gave Israel intelligence on Hezbollah. Then in 2007, the Israelis began selling weapons to Arab League countries that did not recognize Israel. I began reading more and more articles in the English-language Arab and Kurdish press, about incredible behind-the-lines operations that would be nearly impossible for ANYBODY to carry out. Putting everything together indicates that the Gulf Cooperation Council began funding Israeli weapon development from around 2008. I'm talking trillions of dollars. This means weapons fifty years ahead of ours. The Arabs also created strategic special forces. These are special forces who can win wars on their own. They use deception, electronic warfare, infiltration, and unbelievable firepower. We don't know how the units are organized, but we know how they fight. They divide up into ""combined arms micro teams."" One tank, one bulldozer, one gunship, one infantry squad, one antitank squad, and one sniper squad. According to the Americans, Iraq integrated all its armed forces and gave them total autonomy. That's the Saudi model. Now, you can't do ANY of this if you are a dictator. A dictatorship is by definition centralized. The armed forces of dictatorships are always crappy, because the dictators fear a coup. There's another factor: Ask any combat veteran: The better the soldier, the more humane. When you can kill anybody, effortlessly, it makes you VERY sensitive to the fragility of the defenseless, AND it makes you want to defend them. Soldiers are sheepdogs. A sheepdog is a FIGHTER. So Saudi Arabia DELIBERATELY put itself on a course toward greater freedom. The House of Saud is giving up power, NOT consolidating it. The corrupt princes are being arrested. The Saudis are moving off oil. Saudi Arabia will become a center for high-tech, defense contractors, startups, and banking. They need foreign investment. Why does Russia have trouble attracting investors? Because as soon as your business is up and running, a guy visits you and says, ""Vlad gets half, okay?"" Corruption and instability are bad for business. BUT. It appears now that the Middle East was living in the Abilene Paradox. Everyone was going along with things that they as individuals opposed. Westerners have tons of historical baggage. Middle Easterners aren't children, but you can see that the natural reaction to criticism would be to circle the wagons, right? Let's be brutally honest: What did they have that was untainted in some way? NOW they have the best, most honorable armed forces in human history, and they have high tech. The Middle East is putting the past to rest and looking toward the future. And their future is VERY bright..."
" The mullahs rule under the concept of Velayat-e faqih, the ""guardianship of the Islamic jurist."" Clerics must ""guide"" the people. This video in Farsi explains how the protests are ""breaking the spell."" The emphasis is on nationwide protests, not an armed uprising. Iranians fear another war, and another lengthy insurgency. So THIS is why the revolution is going slowly. They're chipping away at the mullahs' power base. In time, the mullahs will have no power. So be patient and optimistic. Iran WILL be free... ADDENDUM: The people of Kazeroon City drowned out the official government Friday Prayers and chanted their own slogans: ""We face Iran, with our backs to our 'enemies'."" ""Our enemies are here, and they falsely told us that America is our enemy."" ""Wait until we are armed..."""
" I don't generally follow debates about Islam, since I realized in May of 2015 that the Stealth Reformation was underway. But. I blocked Mohammad Tawhidi because he sent me fake videos about Saudi Arabia. I exposed EACH ONE as fake, but he simply moved on to another fake. One video was said to show the Saudi religious police (Mutaween) sexually assaulting the first women to drive in Saudi Arabia. Well, King Salman DISBANDED the religious police, and women won't drive until 2018. Tawhidi is a Shia Muslim. He's an Iranian agent trying to link ALL Muslim terrorism to Sunni Islam. I don't pick sides. In fact, I support Muslims of ALL sects who are striving for peace and improvement. All I know about is what he said in that video. He's correct: regime change and a Reformation are the only things that will solve the problem of Islamism. As I said, I myself believe that the Stealth Reformation began several years ago. I'm not in a position to tell anyone--especially a Muslim--what to think. All I can say is that I'm very optimistic about the future. By studying the wars in Yemen, Syria, and Iraq, I've determined to my own satisfaction that the Reformation is closer to the end than the beginning. The Stealth Reformation does not in any way resemble the Reformation Christianity had. Western want definitive statements, pledges, billboards, and rewritten texts. None of that has happened in the Stealth Reformation. As says, Muslims can't be coddled. But. The REALITY is that we westerners have too much historical baggage to get involved in the Stealth Reformation. I never tell anyone what to think or how to feel. In my own case, I trust the Saudis and their allies. People are looking in the wrong places and making demands that can't be met. I trust the reformers to get the job done in their own way, at their own speed. The future is here, and it's great. During the Battle of Mosul, an old Iraqi commando with no rank insignia appeared in multiple videos. He's saying, ""This is the latest in Islamic State weaponry. The idiots use it as a washer and dryer."" Whenever this man was indoors, he covered his head. In this video, he took off the cloth on his head. The cameraman is from al-Mawsleya TV. The channel embedded civilians with Iraqi troops. In June of 2014 and May of 2015, the Iraqi armed forces collapsed. Mass desertions. Shia militia took up the slack. They were not trained, and they were VERY physically unfit. Militia hero Abu Azrahel, the ""Angel of Death."" They're all just wasting ammunition. Shooting at the sky. Back to the old commando. The three young men with him look VERY squared away and VERY lethal. Look at the guy staring at the camera. Does he want to be filmed? That extremely hard-faced young man is VERY fit, and he wears TWO sets of body armor in combat. You're looking at the inner set. The old commando takes off the cloth on his head, and two young commandos (left and right) instantly look at the cameraman. Do they look happy? Or are they sending a warning to not say anything about the cloth? The cloth is off. Look at the REAL Angel of Death on the left. He's looking at the old commando's bare head. Can you read the Angel of Death's expression? He's ashamed. He doesn't think it's right that the old commando had to uncover his head just to keep others happy. But the old commando cracks up the Angel of Death. There's no bond like the one formed in the military, and the bond between special operators is even closer. The young men love the old guy. The old commando has a VOIP phone. It's the Peryphon TA-1087 REG. Where is it made? SURPRISE! I think the old commando is an Iraqi Jew who came from Israel to help. He has IDF training, AND he may be in contact with the IDF. Maybe the IDF helped in Iraq. Iraqi commandos were trained in Jordan. That's confirmed. I think they were trained in the UAE and Saudi Arabia too. And what if they were trained in Israel? What if the old commando trained them and then came back with them? The Iraqis are asking their Jews to return. I think it'll happen..."
" A story about what happens when people give in. First, here's why I'm not a fan of Wikileaks. The reason Trump says that Assad is responsible for the chemical attack is that we have radar that tracks all aircraft in Syrian airspace. When you see aircraft take off and fly over an area, and then the people on the ground report that they were hit with chemical weapons at the same time that the aircraft were overhead, you figure it out. Wikileaks knows this. It's just more of the near-universal lack of ethics of the era. Twitter has the same lack of ethics. I did nopt block General Flynn. So let me tell you what happened on my street today. It illustrates why I despise people who refuse to refrain. At 6:38 p.m., I began hearing a woman screaming. So I went outside and carefully looked around. At the end of the street, a man and woman in their late twenties were having a fistfight. She was doing most of the punching, accusing him of cheating on her. They're one of multiple couple who share a house. They shoot off skyrockets and have barking dogs. The fistfight went down the street, back up the street, into the house, out of the house, up the street, and into the alley. Then the woman abruptly stopped screaming. The man came out of the alley drenched with blood. He'd stabbed the woman to death. Then he went inside and called the cops. Ten cops cars, a fire engine, two ambulances, and a paramedic vehicle showed up. I don't know why. She was already dead. From the beginning of the screaming to the murder, it was exactly three minutes. And now she's dead, and he's going to jail for life. The dead woman and her murderer are people who indulge themselves. They're ruled by emotion and irrationality. So, new rule: If you're emotional and irrational, I block you. Instantly. Beginning right now, my timeline is a place of calm rationality. As I'm writing, I've already blocked five people. You can roll around in the gutter all you want. But I'm not going to watch you. Or listen to you. Let the blocking begin..."
" What Trump has done is to free incredibly important people from artificial constraints. If you THINK about it, what is the value in being ""presidential""? It's a VERY dangerous world. Who is the only safe person in this dangerous world? The loose cannon with massive power. Now, let's look at Saudi Arabia. Due to culture and religion, the King Salman and Mohammed bin Salman can't BE loose cannons. If King Salman and Mohammed bin Salman were loose cannons, the entire nation would lose face. THAT would threaten their security. The King and crown prince spent DECADES patiently retraining the armed forces and persuading. NOW the changes in Saudis Arabia are coming in an avalanche, but it took at least thirty years to get there. American presidents don't HAVE thirty years. BUT THEY ALWAYS ACTED AS THOUGH THEY DID! It's clear that the plan was for Hillary to carry on Obama's work, whittling away and enslaving. In a geopolitical sense, we've been on a downward slide ever since World War II. It's because our presidents--left or right--were ""presidential"" and refused to take a wild leap into uncharted waters. Trump has shown OTHER American reformers that pointless decorum and self-importance have held us back. Who in the Trump administration is a traditional politician worried about legacies and appearance? Our Secretary of Defense says, ""We'll kill you all."" Flat out. Our ambassador to the UN says, ""You're dishonest and wasting everybody's time. Stop it."" And our allegedly staid Vice President? It's really funny to see all these mediocre minds wish casting the Manafort indictments. ""The truth is that Manafort’s role in the Trump campaign was not 'limited.' It was definitional."" Yes! We're back to Trump the idiot, being led by the hand. TRUMP didn't define his campaign: Paul Manafort did. ""But one thing is certain: Manafort definitely put one man in the West Wing of the White House: Mike Pence."" Well, no. A guy named Donald Trump did that. Maybe The Nation has heard of this Trump guy? John Gillespie Magee, Jr was a pilot and poet. He's best known for his masterpiece ""High Flight."" Long ago, Trump slipped the surly bonds of Earth. And those who accompany him have done so as well..."
" First we have this CONFIRMED report. ""Saudi Arabia has dismissed several thousand imams from mosques for spreading extremism, Foreign Minister Adel Al-Jubeir told Russian journalists in Moscow on Sunday."" ""'We will not let anyone spread the ideology of hatred, to finance that kind of ideology or terrorism,' he said."" ""'Our approach to this problem has been very strict: We modernize our educational system in order to rule out the possibility of misinterpretation of texts.'"" Now we have THIS totally unconfirmed claim. Al-Jubeir recently said this. ""It shows that we have adopted a zero-tolerance policy on corruption, just as we have adopted a zero-tolerance policy on terrorism and extremism and terror financing."" ""The foreign minister says the crackdown means foreign investors can come into Saudi Arabia and compete on an equal footing with everybody else and shows the Crown Prince is trying to break decades of conservative tradition."" ""'It means the country is moving on the right track. That the country is opening up, that the country is implementing its 20/20 national transformation plan to make government more efficient, more transparent, more accountable.'"" ""'It means we have to empower our youth, we empower women."" No idea if al-Jubeir is gone. It's not been confirmed. But we can't PERSONALIZE this. The stakes are much higher than the fate of one person, no matter how much we may LIKE that person... ADDENDUM: Three days ago, Saudi Arabia sent al-Jubeir to a GCC meeting that included Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al-Thani. The Saudis had been refusing to attend such a meeting..."
" This tells you the shabby state of Syrian air defenses. First Syria said American missiles hit their base. Then they said Israeli missiles hit the base. Then they said jets entered Syria from Lebanon's Beqa’a Valley. So the Syrians are blind. They can't tell where any munitions originate. T4 was hit before. WAS IT EVER! To my utter amazement, ""experts"" said that this was Islamic State artillery. And trucks and weapons depots. I'm a layman, not an expert. But artillery didn't do that. How do I know? No craters in the ground. I'll tell you what happened. The Gulf Cooperation Council flew a C-130 Hercules to T4. They landed at the far end of the runway. And then a bunch THESE drove down the ramp of the C-130. They blew up absolutely everything with machine guns, grenade launchers, and rockets. Then they drove back up into the C-130 and flew back to King Khalid Military City in Saudi Arabia. Did you know that the Russians and Syrians DENIED that this attack was carried out? I've lost track of the number of attacks on Khmeimim Air Base in Latakia, where the Russians keep their air fleet. The Russians always deny that anything happened. What amazes me is that the global press will forever fall for Trump's strategic deceptions. Now we're going to hear, ""He didn't do nothin'! He's a FAILURE!"" The Deep State weirdos won't be able to explain why we aren't in the middle of World War III, but that won't stop them. But YOU will know that things ARE happening. They're just aren't happening in the open. The best way to explain the new Middle East is this video. To see what REALLY happened, you have to go frame by frame. It's so eerie. We start out with everyone okay. Look at the woman in the middle. KA-BLAM! Up and then whipped to her right. Now we start going in the OTHER direction. You didn't know human bodies could change shape like that, did you? Here, the creepiest part of the video begins. Things are happening faster than the human nervous system can respond. The driver is like a tree. TIMBER! The boat is actually going to go sideways in the water for a fraction of a second. The woman's head is in the lake. But miraculously, there were no serious injuries. The new Middle East is exactly like that video. You can't see what's happening until someone shows you, AND very few people are losing their lives..."
" The crown prince said it at The Future Investment Initiative, a two-day conference hosted in Saudi Arabia. Note that the interviewer is wearing western clothing. The Saudis are going to build a new city where gender separation and clothing restrictions won't apply. The crown prince is a student of Sun Tzu: ""When strong, appear weak."" A month ago, the Saudis said they may have to revise DOWNWARD their plan to modernize. A month later, they announce an EVEN MORE AMBITIOUS PLAN. ""Partnering with the world."" You can't hold on to the old ways while partnering with the world. It's simply not possible. But it's clear that the Saudi PUBLIC wants these changes. That will make sure that they become permanent..."
" points out what I forgot: Let me go look at Sun Tzu and see what he says about this. Here we go. What's happening right now is that the US and our FIGHTING allies are taking on everyone at the same time. HOW?! By knowing ourselves and knowing the enemies. Beginning in May of 2015, I read the stupidest stuff ever written. It was all about the next Saudi king, Mohammed bin Salman. Rash, inexperienced, desperate for fame, arrogant, rigid... They were NOT writing about the Saudi Minister of Defense who I saw. Then they said equally stupid stuff about Trump. Here's what I've reluctantly come to accept: Virtually all of the analysis done on geopolitics is wrong. If you THINK about it, you'll see that there's pretty good evidence for this conclusion. Like, two world wars, for example. Talk about failure of analysis! The Gulf Cooperation Council first made peace with Israel. Then the GCC funded Israeli weapon development. New weapons led to new warfare. The GCC created strategic special forces. The idea was first tried in World War II, the brainchild of British General Orde Wingate. Wingate was eighty years ahead of his time. A devout Christian, he was one of the few British general officers who supported a Jewish state. And now the Arabs and the Jewish people are actual ALLIES who have perfected Wingate's idea of mass infiltration behind enemy lines. The storm that president Trump spoke of WASN'T a typhoon or tornado that leaves everything destroyed. He meant a storm in the sense of turbulence. All hell seemingly breaking loose. Everything changing rapidly. But we will NOT see piles of bodies stacked to the skies. THAT method of war fighting is obsolete. The goal NOW is to wage war on the enemy's war machine. In the past, we killed his soldiers. But not just that. We WOUNDED his soldiers. It takes two to four men to remove a wounded man from the battlefield. The past is the past, and it can't judged by today's standards. TODAY, the goal is to defeat the enemy without killing large numbers of his people and without wrecking his country. The storm IS HERE, so give some thought to the astonishingly brave men and women who volunteered to go far behind enemy lines. They're doing it for all of us. And they're making sure that all will be well..."
" Just now, I decided that Devin Nunes's memo and all the hoopla around it are strategic deception. They're camouflaging THIS, the real story. ""FBI Director Chris Wray made clear in a message sent to all bureau employees on Monday night that Deputy Director Andrew McCabe's decision to step aside..."" ""Was a result of forthcoming information to be detailed in an inspector general report, according to a copy of his message obtained by NBC News."" ""Wray alluded to having seen aspects of the IG's report into the way the FBI handled the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private e-mail server."" Nunes's memo is said to be about abuses of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA). So far we've gotten no specifics whatsoever. Deputy Director McCabe has already resigned, even before the inspector general's report was released. Now, the inspector general's report is about the Queen Bee, Hillary Clinton. Yet nobody is even talking about this. They're all talking about Nunes's memo. This pretty much confirms my belief that the memo is strategic deception. Goldberg still doesn't think Trump is intelligent, poor fellow... ADDENDUM: I keep forgetting something: Trump is able to distract from multiple operations simultaneously. So if the memo is strategic deception, it could be distracting from MANY things, including stuff we haven't even heard about. Yet..."
" I'm positive that Roy Moore will win. Now, I'm not telling OTHERS what to do, but here was MY thinking when I began defending Moore. Others pointed to Democrats accused of sexual misconduct. How does that exonerate Roy Moore? Others pointed to Hollywood and the news rooms of America. How does that exonerate Roy Moore? I'd never seen the piling on when it came to Roy Moore. Before I began researching him, I thought it was strange that I'd never heard these allegations before. By using old articles in newspapers and magazines, I determined that over a forty year career of making powerful enemies, Moore had never once been accused of this behavior. From 2003 to 2005, Moore was a global celebrity whose fame was based on a moral code. THAT would've been the time to destroy him with these accusations. Destroying Moore AT THAT TIME would've demolished the movement that saw him as one of its greatest exponents. And yet...nothing. None of the accusations against OTHERS meant anything to me. All I cared about was, ""Is it possible that Roy Moore did these things?"" By researching Moore, I discovered that he's a man of stunning discipline and self-control. He's been dealt VERY bad hands, both personally and politically. Yet he always perseveres. Roy Moore has lost more fights than he's won, but by FIGHTING, he shines light on issues. THAT is his goal. He wants national debates on issues. REAL debates. In courtrooms and the houses of Congress. Therefore Roy Moore will make a great senator. He's going to shake up the status quo. I support him despite disagreeing with most of his social positions. He's not a lunatic or a martyr. He fights in order to make people THINK. The attempted destruction of Roy Moore shows that we need to rethink how such accusations are handled. Why didn't a single journalist actually challenge the accusations? Why are Roy Moore's ""allies"" to this day refusing to believe him? I believe him. He's fighting back tooth and nail If I'm wrong about Roy Moore, so what? All it means is that I believed someone but my belief was misplaced. But I believe Roy Moore because I researched his entire life. I did so because I've NEVER SEEN such an incredible piling on and rush to destroy. It wasn't right, and somebody had to take the time to actually look at THE MAN. Roy Moore's record speaks for itself. HE convinced ME that he's innocent, and he didn't even have to say a word to me. When this comes up again, look at the ACCUSED. If there's no actual evidence, research the ACCUSED. Roy Moore's record is out there in plain sight. It's the record of a man who never once in forty turbulent years was accused of these things. That's why I believe that this was a coordinated political hit job. Roy Moore didn't deserve it. "
" Lesson learned? For all of YOU. Not for me. I tweeted a Facebook post that was not real. The post said nothing ""hateful,"" as a guy named ""Nich"" claimed. A few eunuchs came after me. Here's one. I asked him what the rose meant. He lacked the balls to answer. It means THIS. So eunuchs and ghouls came after me for a few minutes. Here's a ghoul. Followers and detractors need to understand: THIS AIN'T NOTHING. In 2014, guys connected to the New York Times came after me. They made actionable statements about me: They claimed I said that these photos were DOCTORED, and that I was hallucinating due to mental illness. So what's happening now is a pitiful little fart in comparison. I don't tweet for personal gain. The reality is that I'm now a professional investor. I'm no longer a writer or a musician. Someday I'll publish my REAL memoirs under a pseudonym, and I'll publish some World War I stuff that eight people will buy. People who READ my tweets need to understand that there's nothing anyone can do to stop me from tweeting. The coordinated hit job was done on me on July 29, 2014. Well, look what I wrote on July 31, 2014. To this day, the world believes that the Israelis bombed a crowded marketplace in Shijaiyah. It's a total fabrication. The tank of a liquid-fueled rocket caused all the deaths and damage. THE MARKET WAS CLOSED THAT DAY. How did I figure out that the tank of a liquid-fueled rocket did all the damage? Because every single person was injured from the knee down. The explosion was a ground-level blast wave that knocked everyone off their feet. I'm the only person in the world who advanced this theory. No other news organization agreed with me. SO WHAT? It's not my problem if people can't think. Or WON'T think. So I'm not in need of being bucked up. I HAVE NO CREDIBILITY TO DESTROY. You can take or leave what I tweet. Who else told you this? You are free to accept or reject whatever I tweet. AT YOUR OWN RISK. This little contretemps is a total waste of time. ""You need to apologize!"" No. The people using fallen soldiers as political props need to stop doing it. It's never actually worked. John McCain did it to Bill Clinton. Everyone did it to George W. Bush. They did it to Barack Obama. The rodeo clown is trying to do it to President Trump. Her response to a Gold Star father was to call him a liar and a racist. Then she gloated, ""I'm a rock star!"" ALL AMERICANS should agree that using fallen soldiers as political props is wrong, regardless of who is president. So save your fake outrage, leftist eunuchs. I'll survive just fine. Guess who WON'T survive? Boomlay boomlay boom. Bumpty bumpty bump."
" Yikes. McCarthy was a flawed man who made bad decisions. There are a lot of them in government. But. ""In the 1940s, the NSA had a top-secret program called Venona which intercepted (and much later decoded) messages between Moscow and its American agents."" ""The recent publication of a batch of Venona transcripts gives evidence that the Roosevelt and Truman administrations were rife with communist spies and political operatives..."" ""Who reported, directly or indirectly, to the Soviet government, much as their anti-communist opponents charged."" It's easy to shout ""McCarthyism!"" The REALITY is--of course--far more complex than the slogans..."
" This shows how deeply the anti-regime forces have penetrated into the Iranian government. ""Google has removed an Iranian Regime-backed app from the Google Play store and banned its developer from the platform, over fears that it may be used to spy on users, thanks to information from an Iranian Resistance group."" ""The Telegram Black spyware app, named to resemble an already popular instant messaging app in Iran, was shut down by Google..."" ""After the US branch of the National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI-US) released a report that reveals how the Iranian military and security forces have manipulated mobile apps in order to spy on Iranian citizens."" The Fox News report. It appears that US intelligence is working with the NCRI, which has moles in the Iranian government. Currently steelworkers and road workers are the latest Iranians to go on strike. The Astan Quds Razavi is an autonomous charitable foundation in Mashhad, Iran, which manages the Imam Reza shrine and other institutions. This charity receives endowments of about $210 billion a year. The Astan Quds Razavi is the main focus of the economy of the city of Mashad. Here you can see the list of institutions--universities, companies, hospitals--that the charity runs. Well, some of the people protesting the mullahs are leaders of the charity. The mullahs are therefore stripping the charity of billions, and they're blowing up the houses of charity leaders. This is indicates--to me, at least--a level of panic never before seen in the mullahs. Remember... "
" Since World War Two, commandos and special forces have always been used to AUGMENT conventional forces. What the GCC did was to take two ideas: First, they adopted the German approach from World War One. Every soldier in the army was trained as a commando. The Germans also tried to give the smallest possible unit all the weapons of a division, but the technology didn't exist. NOW the technology exists. So the GCC has created armed forces comprised of commandos who have tanks, artillery, gunships, and fixed-wing aircraft. Then the GCC took an idea from World War Two: mass infiltration. This was the brainchild of British General Orde Wingate. But again, the technology didn't exist. NOW it does. From May to August 4, 2015, fifty (50) GCC commandos fought over 40,000 Houthis in Aden without suffering casualties. The commandos split into two groups. Their main weapon was shoulder-fired rockets. The commandos were resupplied by air. There's now GPS guided pallets with airfoil chutes. You program them to land exactly where you want. The Battle of Aden was the proof of concept: Fifty men held off 40,000. And then THIS happened. Nobody knows how the hell the Saudis landed thousands of armored vehicles undetected. I have a theory: I think the Saudis can inject fake imagery into satellites. That drone base isn't real. So I think the Saudis masked their amphibious landings in Aden. Those were the largest amphibious landings in the history of the Middle East. Not one photo, video, or satellite images of them has ever come to light. I wasn't exaggerating when I said the GCC is fifty years ahead of us. It's clear that they're now allies of Israel. Imagine what Israel could do with $5 trillion. This is the Second Revolution in Military Affairs (2RMA). People refuse to accept it, which is good. That means the GCC will keep winning..."
" Okay. The plan for Syria is finally revealed. Remember: Trump set it all in motion. Russia withdraws from Syria, saying that Assad has won. Iran withdraws from Syria. Hezbollah withdraws from Syria. So what happens next? Well, first the Islamic State pops up. And now al-Qaeda (Hay’at Tahrir al-Sham or HTS) leads a MASSIVE offensive against Assad. Assad fell into a trap. He hasn't actually been fighting the terrorists. He's been making deals with them. This is the most well-known deal. At the request of the Iraqi government, the US prevented the Islamic State convoy from heading toward Iraq. And now we learn of this. The Russians were only pretending to fight. So everybody left Syria--but the terrorists are still there. Now they're counterattacking. I knew Syria was in trouble when they pulled a Qassem Suleimani. Suleimani was the head of the Iranian Quds Force, the unit of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps that took part in external operations. Suleimani was killed in Syria on November of 2015. This is the last known photo of him. Iran is pretending he's still alive. How do we know he's dead? He hasn't said a word about Trump. The Syrian Qassem Suleimani was Suheil al-Hassan, a colonel or brigadier general or major general known as ""the Tiger."" He's undergone dramatic physical changes since 2011. These are all Suheil al-Hassan. When he met Putin last week, he'd lost his chin. So Assad has been abandoned. He has no armed forces. All he has are militias and mercenaries. The US commands Combined Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve, which fights in Iraq and Syria. The commander gives a weekly press conference from Baghdad. The US hasn't briefed reporters in over a month. So my guess is that what's happening in Syria is something unprecedented. Some of the terrorists are real, and some were taken over by the Gulf Cooperation Council. The terrorists operate in alliances. Only the leaders or the representatives of the leaders meet. If a terrorist group were actually GCC and allied commandos, how would the real terrorists know? This is said to be HTS terrorists. How do we know? They're operating in ""combined arms micro teams."" Look how fit this guy is. Look at his arms and thighs. Finally, look at the BMP infantry fighting vehicle on the left. See the white cross painted on the top of the turret? You know what that is? It's an aerial recognition symbol. I've never seen a terrorist vehicle with aerial recognition symbols. In this case, it would be used to signal drones that this is friendly, not the enemy. The white cross completely covers the top of the turret and hull. My guess is they had one tank and one infantry fighting vehicle. Not very many men... Unless they're professional strategic commandos PRETENDING to be terrorists. The fighting continues, but the war is over. The GCC won THREE WARS SIMULTANEOUSLY. Are you impressed yet? "
" ""Y'all don't got no rights. Y'all ain't nothin' but killers."" And then ANOTHER fine member of the community. I was thinking about this a lot. John Legend told Kanye West to change his mind because what of his fans think. I always wanted to ask people like John Legend a question: Why do black celebrities have to appease trash? ""Y'all don't got no rights."" ""Motherf*ckin' N-word f*ckin' f*ck motherf*ckin' N-word f*ck f*ck f*ck."" These are like racist cartoons created by the Ku Klux Klan. Why do black celebrities have to appease these people? I don't get it. Remember Whitney Houston? She was accused of ""acting white."" So finally she said, ""Okay. I'll get authentic for you."" She married a thug, got addicted to crack, lost her voice, and drowned in a bathtub. Are we all happy now? Did that make us proud? ""Yeah, so she BOILED and DROWNED, but at least she wasn't acting white anymore!"" I'm at a loss. John Legend, why do black celebrities have to appease trash? Explain it to me. Of all Americans, why do only BLACK PEOPLE have to become racist cartoons created by those who hate them? Here's something I noticed when I watched home-redecoration shows: They would redecorate a room in a huge mansion. ALL the black people who owned mansions had parents with Caribbean accents. It was 100 percent consistent. One of the greatest actors who ever lived? His parents are Bahamian. He grew up in the Bahamas. Two of the best films ever made: And. They're films about PEOPLE, not races. It's DISGUSTING that people who want improvement are threatened with excommunication. THESE TWO should be excommunicated. They shouldn't be tolerated for even a second. On the other hand, lots of black people are looking around and saying, ""My GOD! How did we come to this?"" Well, it was a long, long process. The GOOD news is, the chains are only in your mind. You can throw them off without even telling anyone... ADDENDUM: Just watching the trailers for ""A Patch of Blue"" and ""The Slender Thread"" again, I realized why I love those films: They're ADULT. Adults wrote them, directed them, and acted in them. America's current obsession with black-white relations is CHILDISH. It has no content. You can't talk about race forever. There's just not enough there to make it feasible. We were FAR MORE MATURE about all of this decades ago. We've regressed..."
" Trump's people contacted Wolff. Wolff is a well-known fabricator. Chris Wallace said that his White House source said that everyone was encouraged to talk to Wolff. So they told him totally outrageous stuff that he didn't bother to check. Now we have person after person after person saying, ""I wasn't even there."" ""I never said that."" ""This whole thing is demented."" I was a music journalist in Los Angeles for ten years. And another. Musicians told me the same thing over and over and over: ""I hate journalists because they fabricate quotes. They write their stories before they even speak to me."" What I did was listen to the music and read about the musician. Then I'd try to ask things nobody else ha asked. THEN I'd let the musician see the article before I turned it in. In ten years, only John Taylor of Duran Duran requested no changes. AND only Gene Simmons of Kiss turned down the opportunity to see the piece. It took me YEARS to realize what a compliment that is. Here's my piece. I got him the cover, based on the content of the piece. I may have been the only journalist post-World War II who thought that the interview subject was the news. Not me. But my approach to journalism was not appreciated by the editor who took over after I really began to take off. He restricted me to only new acts that got one page in the magazine. No more feature-length articles. Journalism was crapping out big time from 1992 to 2002, when I worked in Hollywood. The were were no journalistic ethics. And then journalist were told that there is no objective Truth. My ""narrative"" is as valid as YOUR ""narrative."" The four Bakr children--Ismail, Mohammed, Ahed, and Zakaria--were NOT killed on the beach while playing soccer in Gaza. Hamas murdered them to blame on Israel. I contacted one of the journalists who was there. He's given three different versions of what he saw. He refused to talk to me. Here's his reason: ""What I experienced is my own personal narrative. There were fifty people on the beach, and they all have their own narratives. So I can't serve as an eyewitness for you."" Journalists are taught that since there's no objective Truth, they can then make up crap, because thet's their narrative. In 2008, Joe Biden told crowds about how his his first wife and child were killed by a drunk driver. They family of the driver contacted Biden and reminded him that the driver WASN'T drunk. His brakes failed. Here's what Biden said in response: ""I remember him being drunk. That's my narrative, so I have to tell people the story I remember. We'll just have to agree to disagree."" Trump is exploiting all of this madness. Bannon said he and Trump would destroy the mainstream media in two years. We're right on track..."
" People getting all fighty, so it's time for me to sign off. Let me give you some perspective, though. I was born in Venezuela. Americans are hysterical all the time now, but you have NO IDEA what real problems are. If I say something you don't like, TOO BAD. I'm not going to tread lightly. I'm too old and too sick. And I've survived things that you can't imagine. Here's the measure of character: When bad things happen, you PULL YOUR GODDAM SELF TOGETHER. I'm not interested in hearing form hysterical people with ordinary minds. There's nothing I can do for you. You are DETERMINED to be hysterical and ordinary. But I'M NOT. So We're not going to debate religion or religions or any of the crap that I already debated when I was FIFTEEN. If you're looking for a fight, I'll block you. You have a sickness. Your sickness is none of my business. So NOW, I'm going to watch relaxing videos on YouTube. Tomorrow, behave. Thank you."
" Hey and : I say what other Republicans won't. ROY MOORE IS INNOCENT. I didn't know anything about him other than the Ten Commandments issue. You know what pushed me to research him? The deranged mob mentality. The piling on. So I researched Roy Moore's entire life. It's there in magazine and newspaper articles. Not even a HINT of impropriety. In Vietnam, he was called ""Captain America"" for forcing his men to act honorably. Roy Moore took on moneyed interests and corrupt judges and politicians. They whooped him every time. They HATE him. And nobody EVER accused him of this stuff. Not in forty years. I'm not religious. I disagree with Judge Moore's social positions. But my research allowed me to see the MAN clearly, and I became a supporter. WHAT?! I support a man while disagreeing with him? Absolutely. YOU guys make music videos. That's how YOU bring attention to things. Roy Moore goes to court and LOSES HIS JOB. Twice. His goal is to create MEANINGFUL discussions in ways that matter. So I want him elected. He'll be another stick of dynamite thrown into Washington. AND on top of it all, ROY MOORE IS INNOCENT. He has a history of iron discipline and self-control, as well as a need to retreat into solitude in order to regroup. As a fellow solitarian, I understand what it takes to be alone. We aren't compulsive. I was the victim of the mob. They piled on me the way all of YOU piled on Roy Moore. Only one person defended me. The attacks on Roy Moore and the refusal of anybody to actually PRESENT HIS SIDE OF THE STORY made me sick. So I did YOUR JOB FOR YOU. Your rabid partisanship has robbed you of your humanity. Roy Moore did not deserve this treatment any more than I did when I was in fifth grade. Here's the difference between me and Roy Moore: I was preparing to kill myself. If Thurman Biscoe hadn't saved me, I wouldn't be here. Roy Moore has lost everything multiple times. But he always comes back. I support him because he's innocent AND he'll wreak absolute havoc in Washington. THAT is what we need. ""I can't spare this man. He fights."" --Abraham Lincoln on the VERY turbulent General Ulysses S. Grant "
" This is what happened in Gaza too. In Gaza in 2014, a total of 875 Hamas and Palestinian Jihad rockets fell in Gaza. Hamas rockets being fired from Gaza. Where you supposed the one marked with a red arrow will hit? Here's something I'll bet you didn't know about. ""A doctor at al-Thawra hospital, one of the largest public hospitals in Sana’a, told Amnesty International that the vast majority - around 90% - of war wounded patients admitted to the hospital had been injured by anti-aircraft fire."" Houthi antiaircraft fire. The Houthis deliberately use ""contact fuses"" instead of ""proximity fuses."" A proximity fuse explodes IN THE REGION of the aircraft. An impact fuse must HIT THE AIRCRAFT in order to explode. So 100 percent of the antiaircraft rounds fall on the citizens of Sanaa. These high-explosive rounds cause massive damage to houses. The Houthis also use car, truck, and motorcycle bombs to simulate air strikes. This crater is identical to one in Afghanistan, created by a truck bomb. Everybody trained by Iran uses the same methods. That's why it's easy to identify them..."
" I'm now having to block people for being idiots. Use your heads. Then this today. COME ON! Up your damn game. We're messing with everybody's heads. ON PURPOSE. Enough with the endless panic. It makes me sick..."
" Hey, : There is much more to the Hezbollah story. Ask Jorge ""Sadaam"" Rafaat Toumani. Actually, you can't, because he's dead. But was Hezbollah's main South American financier. The ""Tri-Border Area"" or Triple Frontier is where Hezbollah does most of its smuggling. Rafaat Toumani was called the King of the Frontiers. He was protected by the cops and armed forces of Brazil, Argentina, and Paraguay. When you have three corrupt countries protecting you, that means you can operate in the open, as Rafaat Toumani did. He was untouchable. Until someone killed him. He was traveling in an eight-vehicle convoy with 47 armed bodyguards. Rafaat Toumani was behind the wheel of his SUV. Here's the ambush. Thirty seconds. That's how long the ambush lasted. The OFFICIAL story is that a car in front of Rafaat Toumani used a .50-caliber machine gun on him. Baloney. For one thing, he was fired on from BEHIND as well as from in front. Look at the white pillar. Also, look at the grouping of the shots that killed Rafaat Toumani. That's EXCEPTIONAL marksmanship. One of the bodyguards' cars. Nearly all the rounds hit the glass. These are called ""double taps."" Rafaat Toumani's entire entourage was wiped out. I think the Saudis took out Rafaat Toumani. There were men firing from all directions. You need to be VERY WELL trained to do that without killing your own people in the crossfire. The Saudis are serious about ending the threat. Imagine the skill it took to infiltrate Paraguay, kill the most protected guy in South America, and get away clean. And Rafaat Toumani was just one. OTHER guys with connections to Hezbollah are being knocked off. And none of the corrupt governments can stop it..."
" So we're going to play Move the Goalposts. I'm happy to do that, but first: YOU read the follow words: ""SPFPA member Jesus Campos proudly accepts his 'SPFPA Hero Award' for bravery in the line of duty."" After reading that, you said THIS: You're either a liar, an idiot, a fanatic, or a monomaniac. So we've established THAT. NOW you say that ""my theory"" posits that Campos interrupted the shooting. No. The cops said the killer fired until Campos pounded on his door. Then the killer fired at Campos. NOW the cops are saying that the killer fired at Campos first and then almost immediately began firing for ten minutes. We know that the killer had drills, he'd sealed the stairway door with steel L-brackets, and he had explosives in his car. The engineer heard drilling. So it APPEARS that Campos interrupted the killer as the killer was creating a fortified nest. Strain that little brain of yours and try to accommodate new information. I do it hundreds of times a day..."
" Remember this? ""The calm before the storm."" … Things began happening. Russian withdrew from Syria. Iran withdrew from Syria. Hezbollah withdrew from Syria. Then the Saudis shipped missile and other debris to the US for Nikki Haley to show the world in Washington. Nothing like that has ever been done before. Totally unprecedented. It means that regime change in Iran has begun. The Yemenis have begun the final battles. Iranian advisers are fleeing Yemen. ""The decision to evacuate the Iranian advisers closely followed the killing of Iranian missile expert Hussein Khasrawy, who was killed on Saturday in a coalition raid in Sanaa."" Sanaa is the capital of Yemen, which was captured by the Houthis. Now? These guys were recently photographed. Body armor is rated Levels I to IV. This armor has ""plate carriers"" in front and back. I'm sure it's Level V. And the hoods appear to have communications equipment built in. These are assault troops who end the battle almost instantly. James Mattis explains reality to an idiot. And he pretty much confirms that the mullahs are toppling. Final confirmation. But today? ""'Reports that Christmas events were canceled this year are incorrect,' said Ali Salam, who is mayor of the town in northern Israel."" Here's what the mayor is saying: ""Reports that quoted me word for word are incorrect."" What changed his mind? (Knock-knock.) ""Mr. Mayor? Can we have a word with you?"" So Merry Christmas! Stan was prophetic... ADDENDUM: The Houthis, who Iran supports and who screech Death to America! Death to Israel! A curse on the Jews!"" The soldiers of the late dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh, who were allied with the Houthis. Yemenis loyal to president Hadi. They are trained and armed by Saudi Arabia. A Yemeni ""combined arms micro team,"" which includes a UAE Leclerc main battle tank. See the difference? The guys who are winning don't look like this. If you want to win wars, don't be a drug addict with a mouthful of khat leaves..."
" tries desperately to keep the narrative alive. In her lust to support the ""invincible assault rifle"" myth, she's now making excuses for a trained, uniformed police office who refused to confront the Florida mass murderer. This deputy was suspended without pay, and he resigned. So NOW, we're told that trained police officers with hand guns have no chance against deranged 19-year-olds, because of the Devil's Lightning, the ""assault rifle."" Now, SAVE YOUR BREATH. Don't tell me it's a semiautomatic rifle. THEY use the term ""assault rifle,"" so I'm QUOTING THEM. Let's look for videos. In this one, a cop took down a suspect WITH HIS BARE HANDS. The suspect LIVED. See the large-capacity magazine on the rifle? The suspect FIRED THE RIFLE, but the cops were able to disarm him WITHE THEIR BARE HANDS, and he was not killed. Garland, Texas. A traffic cop with a handgun killed two terrorists wearing body armor and carrying fully automatic assault rifles. I can go on and on. Cops are trained. Mass shooters are not. A trained person can kill someone WHO IS POINTING WEAPONS AT HIM. The robber is dead on his feet. The two pistols drop from his lifeless hands. Training is all that matters. Even if someone has the Devil's Lightning, he's utterly defenseless if he has no training. The people trying to score political points on this latest atrocity can see that their carefully crafted performance has already backfired. First they criticized everyone EXCEPT FOR THE MURDERER. Now they're making excuses for an officer put on the campus SPECIFICALLY TO STOP what happened. He chose to not act, and now he's resigned. What happened in Florida was that the authorities failed on every level. Federal and local authorities did not do their job. But mass shootings will continue until we return to the concept of involuntary commitment. How easy is it for the mentally ill to get guns? The writer Iris Chang had bipolar disorder that she tried to ""tough out"" rather than treat with medication. Because of a suicide attempt, Change was prohibited from owning guns in California. But she was a brilliant person. She found a way around the laws. Chang bought a muzzle-loading REPLICA pistol that wasn't covered by the laws. She used it to end her life. The only laws that will stop mass shootings are the ones that detain the dangerously mentally ill until they no longer pose a danger. THAT is the solution... ADDENDUM: The Devil's Lightning has ANOTHER supernatural power: the ability to force cops to keep their weapons down by their sides. Reality will NEVER intrude here. The Devil's Lightning is an idée fixe. These people are completely irrational..."
" shows you what's wrong with social media. Why is John angry at me? Because I pointed out that he's an idiot. This is what John said. Now, John says that I'm a ""babbling, speculating lunatic."" What do I do that makes me insane, according to John? I use open-source reality. John says it's ""tough to believe"" that the Las Vegas mass shooter could fire two rounds per second. Well, every video available shows that the shooter fired TEN rounds per second. That was 100 rounds in ten seconds. Here's 200 rounds in two volleys. Two more volleys. Every single video shows ten rounds per second. Another 100 rounds. This is one of the murderer's rifles. It has a 100-round magazine. Here's what the feds said. The murderer fired around twelve volleys of 100 rounds each. The videos show that each 100-round volley or burst was fired in ten seconds. Twelve 100-round volleys of ten seconds each means 120 seconds of firing time. The murderer had nine minutes to shoot. He shot for two minutes in total. See, wants fans. He wants people to kiss his ass. When I pointed out that he's an amoral conspiracy monger, he said I'm insane. Which one of us provides EVIDENCE, and which one of us expels hot gas in giant clouds and then lashes out like an angry toddler? You're free free to think I'm insane. But you and can't prove me wrong. Ha."
" I'll tell you a story that haunts me. About ten years ago I was having my car serviced at an oil-change place. A flock of seven little boys came in. They were all about ten. The TV was on in the customer lounge. Judge Judy was on. One boy said to me, ""I don't like that lady. She's scary!"" He was laughing, so I said, ""She scares me too."" The boys were allowed to hang out in the lounge because they had relatives who worked in the place. As soon as I spoke to them, one said, ""Can I ask you a question?"" ""Sure."" ""How does a credit card work?"" So I explained. ""What's a checking account?"" Explained that too. They wanted to know EVERYTHING. So I talked to them for about half an hour. Where I live in California, I hear parents always telling their kids to shut up. When my car was ready, one of the boys said, ""Don't go! You answer our questions. We like you!"" I apologized and told them that my car was ready, so I had to go. I shook hands with them all. There was nothing I could. A single, middle-aged man can't ask little boys to drop by his house. The only way I could've helped them was by opening a school. They had lousy, self-centered parents who left me with a haunting memory. Those boys would all be in their twenties now. There's a bright spot: Mr. Copeland. My father worked with Mr. Copeland in Tyler, Texas. I hated Tyler. I got beat up almost daily. One night we went to the Copelands' house for dinner. After we ate, Mr. Copeland said to me, ""Let's go down to the lake. I want to show you something."" Just me. He had three kids, and I had four siblings. But he picked me out. So we went down to the lake, and he unhooked a canoe from the dock. ""Hop in the front,"" he said. So I got in, and he gave me a paddle. ""When you paddle, change sides every other stroke,"" he said. We went out on the lake, and it was incredible. So quiet, except for the occasional fish jumping and whip-poor-wills calling. The moonlight was bright; everything was deep blue. ""Isn't this nice?"" Mr. Copeland asked. I was a smart kid. I knew he did that because he saw that I was in deep trouble. But I never forgot that canoe trip. So I know that answering questions for half an hour made a difference for those little boys. They DO haunt me, but I DID help. There simply wasn't anything else I could do for them..."
" Remember the good old days of long, long, long ago? The year was 2015. Those SAME LEFTISTS brought in the judiciary. This is why when the Democrat party comes crashing down, I will walk on air for at least two straight years. You people deserve everything you're going to get. You support actual lawlessness when it's YOUR guy, and when you're out of power, you change the rules. AND on top of it all, you're too stupid to see the damage that this purely destructive political lunacy is doing to your brand. The universal harassment of Trump doesn't sit well with SANE Americans. As you will learn to your everlasting sorrow... ADDENDUM: This now unconstitutional. Leftism dies not with a bang but with a horse laugh from non-leftists... "
" asks a question. I wrote about this a while back. I'll post the link in a minute. What happened was that the Gulf Cooperation Council funded Israeli weapon development. The GCC has never told us how much money it has, so they could've given Israeli scientists as much as $5 trillion. The Israelis performed miracles on an annual military budget of about $15 billion. Imagine what they could do with $5 trillion. I'm positive that the factories are in Arab nations. The UAE has AMMROC, the Advanced Military Maintenance, Repair, and Overhaul Center. It's the best such center in the world. Much of what they do is convert aircraft. For example, the UAE has more Boeing C-17 Globemaster transports than the UK. They're incredibly agile aircraft. I figured that they were converting them into strategic bombers. My guess is that they've also converted airliners into bombers. Put some rotary racks in them, and you could lay waste to an entire country. A great source for information is patents. I found patents for every weapon I've see EXCEPT for these weird black boxes. If you read business publications, they'll tell you that factories are opening up all over the Middle East. So the GCC funded the weapons, the Israelis designed them, and the Arabs build them in factories that we don't know about. "
" Trump pointed out our problems, and he was attacked for it. After years of slovenly leadership, our armed forces are NOT where they should be. Trump was correct. We NEED to address our problems honestly. This was a failure caused by indifference. ALL bureaucracies end up indifferent. That's why the VA has been a mess for decades. So now we know HOW this happened..."
" says I need to read Q, but the end of his tweet shows me that I don't actually have to read it. Assad IS the enemy. He's a lackey of the Iranian mullahs, who are likely the greatest state sponsors of terrorism in history. Assad facilitated al-Qaeda attacks on the US and Iraq. He also facilitates the increase in size and sophistication of Hezbollah's rocket arsenal. Russian entered the Syrian war in September of 2015. Assad and Russia began implementing the ""Algerian Strategy."" The unpopular Algerian government helped the Armed Islamic Group (GIA) become a national threat. The GIA's motto was ""No agreement, no truce, no dialogue."" All they did was kill. The GIA killed entire villages and dumped them in the communal well. They may have murdered 150,000 people. Finally the people turned to the government, and the government defeated the GIA. Assad and Putin tried to use the Algerian Strategy by attacking the enemies of the Islamic State. But the strategy failed. After Assad and Putin began implementing the Algerian Strategy, massive numbers of Syrian, Iranian, Russian, Hezbollah, jihadist, and Islamic State commanders began to die. In Deir Ezzor, SOMEBODY crossed Syrian lines and went through a dozen Islamic State checkpoints to kill the Islamic State emir of the city. He and his entire entourage were wiped out. After years of reading vague accounts, I was finally able to create a detailed account of these shadowy infiltrators in action. I had to read more than two dozen articles in multiple languages. On December 4, 2017, the Houthis of Yemen launched a surprise attack on the house of Brigadier General Tariq Mohammed Saleh, commander of the 3rd Republican Guard and nephew of the former dictator. Saleh was a reluctant ally of the Houthis. They secretly emptied all the houses around his and filled them with troops. On the December 4, 2017, they launched their ambush, leveling the general's house and killing everyone inside. The general was declared dead. Five weeks later, he appeared far away, alive and well. What happened was that commandos of the United Arab Emirates Presidential Guard rescued the general IN THE MIDDLE OF THE AMBUSH. They were obviously disguised as Houthis. The commandos and the general dodged Houthi death squads for three days, and then on December 7, 2017, they fought their way out of Sana'a. They blew through dozens of checkpoints, killing everyone in front of them. Try and imagine the skill required to pull a hostage rescue in the middle of a massive ambush the size of city block. But this is what Arab strategic commandos do. What I just told you is real. The UAE also solved a centuries-old Yemeni problem: Northerners dominating the Southerners. Northerners claim a divine right to rule. The UAE armed and trained the Southerners, and one day the Southerners turned their guns on the corrupt government in Aden and said, ""How about you stop abusing us?"" The Southerners don't want domination; they want to not be abused. In the past, the Southerners had a militia. Now they have a modern army. Their place in Yemen is assured. The people pulling off the REAL geopolitical miracles are telling you in plain language that Assad is part of the problem. He's an old-school dictator and state sponsor of terrorism. Like the Algerian Strategy, Assad's use of chemical weapons always worked before. What he's saying is, ""I can do even MORE damage if I want. So don't mess with me."" AND he's being stage-managed by the Iranian mullahs. This is all VERY straight forward. No secret cabals of globalist warmongers. Like most of the world, Assad and the mullahs are in denial about the military capabilities of the Gulf Cooperation Council. The worst mistake they ever made. Assad used chemical weapons on his own people. That's reality. So he's on the way out. Just watch..."
" The Houthis say this is the armored SUV in which former dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh was riding when he was killed. Saleh had a massive wound shaped like a pie wedge on the left rear side of his head. I see exactly THREE impacts on the bulletproof glass of the SUV. It's not possible to say what caused the destruction of the left front tire or the damage to the fender and bumper. BUT. Dents are caused by IMPACTS, not munitions. The vehicle was not hit by a rocket-propelled grenade. The tire exploded. THAT was not caused by a bullet. Finally, THIS damage was not caused by a bullet. See the ""splatter"" around the impact? If Saleh was sitting in the back seat behind the driver, that impact corresponds exactly with the wound on his head. I believe the impacts on the windshield are on the INSIDE. It's not possible that the raving, 18th century, leaf-chewing Houthis stopped an armored SUV and took out Saleh with one shot. Hezbollah's main financier in South America was Syrian-Brazilian Jorge ""Sadaam"" Rafaat Toumani. He was driving this SUV when he was killed. Note the grouping of the projectile impacts. These armored SUVs have glass that can stop .50-caliber bullets. So it's obvious that .50-caliber bullets are not being used to kill these terrorists. In Iraq, hundreds of Islamic State truck bombs were stopped when the driver was killed with projectiles that penetrated the armored glass. Look at the grouping. No strikes except ON THE GLASS. Another. The images are endless. ALWAYS through the armored glass. A DOUBLE grouping. Impossible for a human sniper. This shows you how Ali Abdullah Saleh was killed. From the side and behind. The Gulf Cooperation Council has autonomous aerial platforms that fire new projectiles with 100 percent accuracy. Humans can't make these shots. This is why the Middle East is on its way to stability and prosperity. There's simply no way for the bad guys to continue to exist... ADDENDUM: Getting tired of doing this. As always, ""experts"" disagree. And as always, ""experts"" are wrong. Today's bullet-resistant glass is thin and can stop .50-caliber bullets. People need to KEEP THE HELL UP. I'm 55 years old. If I can absorb new information, the ""experts"" can too..."
" I've been following this story since it happened. I remember when the family first came here, a group of Americans asked if they could pray for Youssif and his family on the beach. The mother said that that wouldn't have happened back home. This update is from 2016. It really upsets me that at the time, we had a worthless president who helped nobody except his cronies. I'm not using this as an opportunity to be political; I'm still APOLITICAL. Supporting is not a political statement for me. Strangers have taken care of all of Youssif's medical expenses. My guess is that most of those strangers aren't very wealthy. What Trump shows me is that ANYTHING is possible. The holdouts are the John Kerrys and Obamas and Clintons and mullahs. Think of how many people Obama could have helped. The Iranian mullahs pay people to douse children in gasoline and set them on fire. And then the mullahs eat fatty lamb and make a speech. What I admire the most about Trump and Mohammed bin Salman is their anger. They take suffering personally. Think about it: Both of these billionaires could have lived their lives in total luxury and safety. Instead, they decided to fix the world, at great personal risk. I have to admit that I'm loving every second of Kerry and the mullahs' panic. They honestly didn't think this would happen. I'll give Putin credit for saying, ""Well, that's that. I'm done. Where's the goddam hat? Yes, I'll wear it."" And my gut tells me that Kim Jong-un was never the monster he was made out to be. I COULD BE WRONG. But I just don't see a monster changing as radically as he has. THE MULLAHS are the real monsters. JOHN KERRY and his ilk are the monsters. The worst battle in human history was Verdun (February 21 to December 18, 1916). I say ""worst"" because it was 100 percent futile. Over 300,000 men died for no reason at all. When BOTH SIDES KNEW that it was futile, they kept pouring men into the fight. So many artillery rounds were fired that the corpses were chopped into fragments that mixed with the water and mud until the entire battlefield was a soup of rotting flesh. Pilots could smell the battlefield from 15,000 feet. But neither the German nor the French generals would give up. Send more men! The mullahs and the Kerrys are DONE. They lost. But they won't stop. The NORTH KOREANS are more reasonable than Democrats. Think about THAT. I can't predict Trump and MbS. But I think they're going to make everybody pay. I think they feel that justice demands it. I wouldn't want to be a Democrat or an Iranian mullah. They have no idea what's coming. And the more they fight it, the worse it's going to be for them. Even a couple of weeks ago, my attitude was, ""Just get them all out of power."" Now? I want them to pay. They're just like the generals that fed men into the hell of Verdun. That a famous painting, by the way. L'Enfer, by Georges Leroux, a French soldier who survived the war. This is the Battle of Verdun. This is us, thanks to the mullahs and the Obamas and the Kerrys. So they have to pay. A LOT. Justice demands it..."
" Father-hunger is not studied as much as it should be. If this is true, it explains the mass murderer's motivation: He wanted to be BIGGER than Big Daddy. Too often, American men are in competition with their fathers. My paternal father Frank was a hell raiser. Physically and intellectually, he was massively powerful. A totally overbearing presence. Frank controlled my father's life. That's just reality. My mother told me a story: Mom and Dad got engaged only weeks after they met. Mom went to Iowa to meet Dad's folks. Dad went to New Orleans to pick up a car they'd use for their honeymoon. Mom was alone with Frank and Angelina for several hours. Then Dad pulled into the driveway. Mom said, ""It's Ed!"" and stood up from the sofa. Frank grabbed her by the back of the neck and around the waist. ""That's not Ed!"" he said. ""Ed's abandoned you! He's never coming back! You'll have to live here with us!"" Frank wouldn't let go. Mom had to tear herself free. The incident scared the hell out of her. That was how Frank ""teased."" My father never showed emotion. He was totally guarded. This is how he was the whole time I knew him. In the photo below, my father was 17. Frank took the picture. I know exactly what happened: Frank needled my father until the teenage Ed was in the proper state of rage. Click! All his life, my father felt that he couldn't stand up to his own father. By 1955, my father was 100 percent under the control of Frank. Frank sent my father into the Coast Guard, decided his university, and chose a job for him. The issue of fathers is very sensitive, so I want people to understand that I'm not BLAMING. But the fact is, we went from THIS... To THIS. My father told me something about Frank that explains everything. Once a year, Frank brought home a big lobster. My grandmother would make an elaborate lobster dish, and then they'd all sit at the table. Frank would take one bite, and then his allergy would kick in, and his throat would slam shut. All hell broke loose. Frank ran around in panic, the two boys screamed, and my grandmother called the ambulance. Frank would end up in an iron lung. He'd recover, having dodged the Angel of Death by inches. The next year, he'd bring home another lobster. Nobody ever told Frank ""NO!"" My father wasn't his own man. He told me, ""I never wanted so many kids. But my father told me to have you."" This is all water under the bridge. I'm talking about it in an effort to explain the power that fathers have over their sons. I never did a single thing that my father demanded. Passive resistance all the way. I didn't know WHY I refused to do what he wanted. Four years after my father died, I can recognize that I broke the pattern. If you went back to Munich in 1623, you'd find a Wictor peasant berating his son, and then the son did it to HIS son. And so on. The Las Vegas murderer was motivated in part by his father. There was a need to be BETTER than the father at mayhem. Because I never felt in competition with my father, I avoided virtually all the traps. I never married or had kids. My father pressured me constantly, but I refused. In my forties, I learned that I have PTSD. By not marrying or having children, I spared MANY people from lifetimes of misery. It's VERY hard to refuse your father when he demands that you do things that are wrong for you. My father drank so much that he ended up looking Asian. His endocrine system collapsed. The Las Vegas mass murderer regretted accidentally SHOOTING HIMSELF. He regretted drowning in his own blood. Despite everything I've written above, I feel NO SYMPATHY for men who commit evil acts because of their own fathers. It's very hard to refuse your father. But you CAN do it, if you're strong. If you're weak, that's YOUR CHOICE."
" WELL NOW. ""A series of explosions rocking Hama Airport in central Syria."" I would agree. Holy crap. This is clearly a weapons depot. You can see missiles going off. The PROBLEM is that there's no aerial munition that could produce a smoke tower this size. This is everything exploding simultaneously. THIS mushroom cloud raced into the sky at twice the normal speed. And there was double detonation: WA-BAM. Here are MK-84 2000-pound bombs hitting. The smoke is dirty gray, and the cloud doesn't rise as fast as at the base in Hama. This is MUCH BIGGER than 2000-pound bombs. But conventional ballistic missiles couldn't make every weapon detonate simultaneously. We're told that Israel is carrying out these strikes. I can't say one way or the other. But I THINK we're seeing a weapon that was designed specifically for destroying stockpiles. This is a Russian Kamov Ka-27 Helix helicopter. It's a naval helicopter. Strange that it would be flying over Hama. At any rate, here's our evidence that the Iranians are having the absolute hell blown out of them in Syria. I think the ""Go"" signal was the election of Moqtada al-Sadr in Iraq. I think the Iranians forced al-Sadr to do the things he did. The Qataris revealed why THEY have been ""sponsoring"" terrorism. It's incredible how much death, damage, and suffering the mullahs have inflicted on the world. I've written a lot about the Bible. As a writer, I'm in awe. Hosea 8:7 is one of my favorite passages of all time. ""For they have sown the wind, and they shall reap the whirlwind."" The Iranian mullahs are reaping the whirlwind. They deserve every second of the maelstrom they're enduring. May they endure more and more and more..."
" I found it. From the Manafort indictment. From the Turkish article: ""Out of a $600,000 contract with Inovo, Flynn Intel was paid only $530,000 for some research conducted and... ""A 'comically inept attempt' to make an anti-Gülen video that was never completed."" NO LOBBYING. The smoking gun: ""The entire enterprise would probably have gone unnoticed if Flynn hadn’t written an opinion piece published on Nov. 8 by The Hill..."" ""Titled “Our ally Turkey is in crisis and needs our support,” urging improved Turkish-US relations and denigrating cleric Gülen."" The op-ed was published on election day. It marked a 180-degree change in the general's approach to Turkey. A high-risk counter-espionage operation, the goal being deception and distraction. General Rabbit. Of course Trump wasn't privy to the details. The general ran his own operation. Like Trump, he made himself a target, for the good of the country. This began when the general was fired as head of the DIA for telling the truth. He USED that in the creation of his persona. A hell of an operation, done at great personal cost. An amazing man. And it gets even more amazing. The Reuters piece. These two are serving as rabbits. The press is being fed story after story. Manafort has been indicted, he worked with the Posesta Group, and Tony Podesta resigned. General Flynn? Nothing. He never lobbied. Neither did Woolsey. asked if Trump is smart enough to have put all of this together years ago. Yes. And so are General Flynn and Ambassador Woolsey."
" With the help of one John McCain. He's going to call for hearings. Guess what will happen? The American VOTING public will learn that under Trump, the armed forces make the operational decisions. The American voting public will be OUTRAGED at politicians grandstanding over the bodies of the fallen. The result: electoral extermination for the Democrats and the universal repudiation of John McCain for his ghastly opportunism. Guaranteed. This will not end well for ANYONE trying to hang it on Trump."
" Think about this: From now on, Germany will have gender-segregated zones for New Year's celebrations, while in Riyadh, people will simply celebrate. The Saudi royal family created the means for hundreds of thousands to be educated overseas. Many Saudis speak unaccented American or British English. This was part of a long-term plan to acclimate the citizens for eventual freedom. That's why THIS could happen within less than a week of the announcement being made. Men and women sitting together, uncovered hair, discussing the coming Saudi FILM INDUSTRY. The population was PREPARED. In other countries, the populations aren't prepared for freedom, so they go insane when they experience it. When I lived in Japan, the the Japanese imported Pakistani guest workers as virtual slaves. These men had no idea how to behave around women. They were like animals. We had to stop going out to dance, because the Pakistanis would run up and start groping the woman you were dancing with. The Europeans made the same mistake that the Japanese did. The only saving grace is that it's likely that the Syrians will return to Syria in the near future..."
" Why do I have PTSD? Because I was born in Venezuela. ""Communities sometimes bypass the police altogether, choosing to punish those they suspect of committing crimes themselves."" Sometimes? No. ALL THE TIME. Dear First Worlders: STAY OUT OF SOUTH AMERICA. Don't go there to experiment with hallucinogenic drugs. One of my favorite movies is ""Altered States."" IT'S FICTION. The scene below is FAKE. THIS is reality. ""Ronald Suárez, the highest authority of the 40,000-strong Shipibo-Konibo people, said the men responsible for the lynching had 'acted on the spur of the moment and resorted to traditional justice'."" No. Murder is ALWAYS their FIRST reaction. Why? Because they're a Stone Age people. Stay away from them. They will f*ck you up without telling you why. One of the things I have to do to manage my PTSD is VERY OCCASIONALLY--as in once every few years--expose myself to the sights that caused the PTSD. It's a form of ""exposure therapy."" So I watched the video of Sebastian Woodroffe being lynched. The Stone Age people made sure he suffered. The man had severe problems. As we keep seeing over and over, he had flat affect. Put aside all your First World notions of happy little people dancing in fairy rings, at one with nature. They are savages. That's not a value judgement. It's a fact. Watch the video if you don't believe me. I'm telling you: STAY OUT OF SOUTH AMERICA. They will make you DEAD, and you won't even know why..."
" makes a good case that the Pakistani government used the Awan brothers to enslave the Democrats. Serpent says this. I have to believe that Serpent is right, BUT. The Hand of Providence intervenes in the form of individuals. These individuals are not TOLD anything. They KNOW what to do, because they can see. Remember this? The British press sneered. ""The tunnels are still intact!"" So what does that tell you? The tunnels were not the target. MOAB = massive ordnance AIR blast. It's a weapon for surface targets. THIS was the surface target. My guess is we killed the entire Covert Action Division of Inter-Services Intelligence. The ISI has created and trained more terrorist groups than any governmental agency on the planet. AND GUESS WHAT? Did you know this? ""Gen. John 'Mick' Nicholson had brought the weapon into Afghanistan well before the inauguration of President Trump with an eye toward using it against this very target."" Trump already knew everything about the Awans and the Democrats. He set up the Pakistanis BEFORE HE WAS EVEN PRESIDENT. The Hand of Providence IS involved. In the form of Donald John Trump. It's not an ACCIDENT that these plans didn't come to fruition. They've been THWARTED. Trust the Trump. He's always thousands of steps ahead..."
" A perfect example of how westerners show total condescension toward Middle Easterners. The piece is 100 percent incorrect on every level, which is amazing. But this is what I want to talk about. ""The program devoted its opening segment to something that illustrated this point. It was an event that haunts Iranians to this day, but which few Americans know anything about."" ""In 1953, Iran’s secular, democratic government, led by Prime Minister Mohammad Mossadegh, was overthrown in a coup funded and organized by the CIA and Britain’s intelligence service, known as M16."" Now, here's a question: Who carried out the coup? THAT'S RIGHT! Iranians! We didn't install Americans or Brits. This is what happened: We didn't like the direction that Mossadegh was going, so we found IRANIANS WHO AGREED, and we helped them overthrow the government. We didn't pop up out of nowhere and take over Iran. We helped OTHER Iranians topple Mossadegh. You can LEGITIMATELY ARGUE that it's wrong for one country to topple the government of another country, based on politics and economics. That's a perfectly fine argument to make. BUT. The Mossadegh coup is ALWAYS described in a dishonest way: The west went in and replaced the government, while the poor little helpless Iranians just watched. That's not what happened. There were enough Iranians who WANTED Mossadegh gone that we found a receptive audience, so to speak. Iranians are not children. They have volition. They make informed choices. It IS true that the West has interfered in the affairs of the Middle East. But to say that the Iranians have been traumatized into eternal childhood by a coup is insulting. Here's what they never EVER tell you about Iran: Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi took power on September 16, 1941. His vision was to allow the parliament to run the country. It was a disaster. Elections were completely fraudulent, and politicians sold themselves to the highest bidder. Iran had six prime ministers in four years. In order to stabilize the country, the Shah created the Iran Constituent Assembly in 1949, which formed the Senate of Iran. In 1951, Prime Minister Mohammed Mosaddegh nationalized the British oil industry. Mossadegh resigned in 1952, but the Shah immediately reappointed him. Mossadegh then asked parliament to grant him ""emergency power"" to enact ANYTHING HE WANTED. He got that power. Initially he asked for six months of emergency power, and then he was given another 12 months. The Iranians THEMSELVES attempted a coup in August of 1953, but it failed. Mossadegh DISSOLVED the parliament and declared himself and his cabinet absolute rulers. When the British and Americans intervened, Mossadegh had long since lost his popularity. The current brutal dictatorship of Iran always points to the 1953 coup and says, ""Look what the evil Americans did to us helpless Iranians!"" Look around you. Look how IRAN meddles violently in the affairs of others. Luckily the fate of Iran is in the hands of Iranians. The old ways of doing things are dead. Iranians will free themselves--with help--and the Middle East will become a place of stability and prosperity. Westerners aren't in the driver's seat. Middle Easterners are. So no massive destructive war. No mass slaughter. They're smarter than that. All will be well..."
" I interviewed Geezer Butler about his solo album. The editor kept the piece in the can for a year. When Black Sabbath reunited in 1998, the editor published the piece with an extra paragraph mentioning the reunion. It was a MASTERPIECE of screwage. Think about it: He screwed Geezer Butler TWICE: Once by not publishing the piece when the solo album was new, and twice by concentrating on the year-old solo album during the reunion. He screwed Black Sabbath, of course, by concentrating on that year-old solo album, while the reunion was about their classic songs. He screwed everybody who worked and performed on the solo album, and he screwed everybody who helped the Black Sabbath reunion happen. And of course he screwed me. He was the most sadistic, arrogant f*ck I've ever encountered. His life's ambition was to edit the magazine. He destroyed it. They fired him after less than three years. It never recovered. The guy has no Internet presence, so I don't know or care if he's even alive. Nothing beats the combination of arrogance and total incompetence. If I knew then what I know now, I would've resigned the day they hired him. I was on the verge of becoming one of the great music journalists. He deliberately took that away from me, because he COULD. The world is FULL of people like that, which is why we're damn lucky that Trump is the president. He LOVES grinding that kind of person into dust..."
" asks a question. In 1999, I fell in love with a hippie. We met in San Francisco and corresponded for 18 months. She invited me to Massachusetts, so I went. I decided to surprise her at Whole Foods, where she was a grocery bagger. I sneaked up behind and said, ""Excuse me, Missssssss"" in an obnoxious, nasal voice. When she turned and saw me, she fell back against the counter and burst into tears. Then she hugged me hard enough to hurt--she was a tall, powerful dancer--and said, ""I'm so glad to see you!"" about fifty times. Her shift was over in 90 minutes, so I walked on air in Wal-Mart next door. Those 90 minutes were the happiest I've ever been in my entire life. Pure heaven. When I met my hippie pal after she got off work, she was as cold as ice. I spent three weeks trying to be with her. She avoided me the whole time. AND she was rude and fascinated by her ability to cause me pain. I've learned that leftists are motivated entirely by hate and the desire to destroy. It's an ideology that attracts damaged people. Obama had a disastrous childhood and early adulthood. He was without question molested by his mentor, the Marxist Frank Marshall Davis. Davis was a pornographer and a skilled writer. Obama is TERRIBLE writer. The few samples of his writing available show that he writes at about an eighth-grade level. Obama is credited with the poem ""Pop,"" his name for Davis. It's a poem about being molested. And his slow, unwelcome twitches, Fail to pass. I listen, nod, Listen, open, till I cling to his pale, Beige T-shirt, yelling, Yelling in his ears, that hang With heavy lobes, but he's still telling His joke, so I ask why He's so unhappy, to which he replies . . . Pop takes another shot, neat, Points out the same amber Stain on his shorts that I've got on mine and Makes me smell his smell, coming From me; he switches channels, recites an old poem He wrote before his mother died, Stands, shouts, and asks For a hug, as I shink, my Arms barely reaching around His thick, oily neck, and his broad back; 'cause I see my face, framed within Pop's black-framed glasses And know he's laughing too. Alcoholic child molesters are self-pitying, and they hate the child for ""making them do it."" I think Davis wrote ""Pop"" and sent it to Obama in college. Men who were molested are made to feel that they aren't real men. I think Obama published ""Pop"" in a fit of rage and self-loathing and defiance. ""No Drama Obama"" and ""Mr. Spock"" are inventions. When Obama announced his plans to run, there were articles online that told the truth about him. As an Illinois state senator, he was famous for screaming, profanity-laced tirades. They had to drag him from the chambers multiple times. During his presidency, the REAL Obama surfaced a handful of times. This is the best example. He's blathering away... The heckling begins, and he suddenly looks like he wants to murder somebody. Pure hate. Boxer mumbles to him, and he unconsciously BRUSHES OFF HIS SHOULDER where she touched him. He hates HER too. Then he falls back on his famous smile. But watch the smile curdle. It tuns into a SNARL. ""Microexpressions"" are the involuntary expressions we make as we speak. You can read a person's true feelings by studying his or her microexpressions. I don't know if Obama wanted to DESTROY Israel, but he definitely wanted to harm her. The former president is deeply mentally ill. He clearly lives in the present, which is a symptom of narcissistic personality disorder. So I don't think he had coherent thoughts about the long-term ramifications of his decisions. I don't care what anybody says: Obama is NOT a super-genius enemy agent who knew exactly what he was doing. THIS is how seriously Obama took his job. He's a terribly damaged man with the emotions of an eight-year-old. So while he absolutely wanted to help Iran at the expense of Israel, I'm positive that he never had the thought, ""I'm gonna DESTROY that country!"" Remember how he started acting as though he'd been somehow unfairly evicted from the White House? It's because he gave no thought to the future. None at all. Such a man is incapable of working out long-term plans..."
" Since the Battle of Mosul is over, and since the men appeared on camera, I can reveal that the Iraqis used ancient commandos. This one has only one eye. These men are Sunnis who were trained in Gulf countries. Give that one0eyed guy a cane and a long beard, and he'd become invisible. There's tons of videos of elderly men making hand signals to soldiers. They gathered intelligence and used digital mapping devices to create a three-dimensional model of Mosul. This commando is an Iraqi Jew who came home to help. He always covered his head indoors. But. He also has a Peryphon TA-1087 REG VOIP phone. An Israeli product. I'm sure that he's a veteran of the IDF. AND I'm sure that Israel trained Iraqis. Look at the man on the left, right after the old commando uncovered his head. Can you read his expression? He's ashamed. He's thinking, ""It's not right that he has to uncover his head so he can blend in."" But the old commando was joking about the homemade weapon. He said it's the latest Islamic State technology, a combination washer-dryer. The ashamed man cheered up. Middle Easterners respect their elders, and soldiers who fight together have an unshakeable bond. Iraqis trained in Israel would become Jewish Iraqis' guardians. The Iraqis want their Jews to come home. I think they will. This is why I'm very optimistic. Everybody's junking hate in favor of tolerance and even love... "
" What happens when everyone breaks the law? These are my neighbors across the street. The same people. It's a man and his four adult, unemployed daughters. He ran an illegal Rottweiler mill. A male and a female making puppies. After two years of barking, we called Animal Control. They promised anonymity. They lied. The guy showed up BEHIND MY HOUSE as I was talking with my brother. This is what he said. I've paid my dues in the Department of Dangerous Lunatics. He's lucky I didn't shoot him dead. Instead we let him make every excuse under the sun for why he couldn't stop his dogs from barking. We gave up and now wear earplugs. The man's daughters each have a braking Yorkshire. The dogs gather at the window and welcome their owners with a volley of barks as the women say, ""Hi, doggies! Hi, doggies!"" Guess what just happened? As I was out in the yard, the man's stud Rottweiler got out of its cage and killed at least two Yorkshires. Then it attacked at least two daughters. The man beat the Rottweiler to death with a baseball bat. It went on for about two minutes straight. Shrieking Yorkshires, shrieking women, roaring Rottweiler, bellowing man, and then whack-whack-whack-whack-whack-whack. Now there's silence. So I got my coffee, and now I'm on Twitter. The neighbors are on their own. I'm not calling anybody. This is what California did to me. The Law of the Jungle. Every man and woman for themselves. Of course civilized people can't live this way, which is why I'm leaving in April. Until then, I'm not lifting a finger for anybody on this street. I believe in giving people what they work so hard to get..."
" Since Mexico has essentially declared war on us by aiding an organized border incursion by Hondurans, let's talk about the Mexican military. On January 8, 2016, the Mexican Naval Infantry Force captured drug lord Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán. They captured him by accident. The target of the raid was Ivan Gastelum, the Sinaloa Cartel’s head assassin. The Mexican marines didn't even know that El Chapo was in the house. El Chapo had been imprisoned twice before and escaped twice before. The second time, his men dug a mile-long tunnel under the prison, and El Chapo escaped by motorcycle on a railroad track. As you can see, the tunnel was dug with jackhammers. The prison officials were in on the escape. Now let's watch the pathetic clusterf*ck of a raid, as 17 marines show us how poorly trained an cowardly they are. They use battering rams for several minutes, alerting the residents of the house, and then they stand in front of windows and have their asses shot off. The guy doesn't know how to ready a hand grenade. The man filming has to micromanage the entire assault. ""I need two more men. Go in. Get up. Go stand on that side. Go out. Enter over there. Stand and fire from that side. Another man. Go in. Hurry! Move! Let’s go! Enter! Enter! Enter! Look for the stairs. Be careful. Pay attention to all sides. Watch the window."" ""I need two more men! Let’s go! Slowly. Any more of them over there? Go over there. Get out of here.” He actually has to push men forward. Not one marine listens to him, not one marine communicates with the others, and not one marine answers his questions. ""Send in another man. Go over there. Station yourself by that door. I need two more men. Go in at one time. GO IN AT ONE TIME! Go over there. Enter. Go by me. If you don’t see anything, don’t shoot! Upstairs. Upstairs! Go up! GO UP!” Nobody goes upstairs. They search places already searched, because nobody says, ""Clear!"" There's a commotion. “What do we have? What do we have? What do we have?” the commander asks. He gets no answer. A man is found. Several marines yell, ""Kill him! Kill him!"" “Let’s go upstairs! Let’s go upstairs, let’s go upstairs! I need two men here. Hurry! What did you find here? What did you find here?” No answer. ""Pick that up. Pick that up. Let’s go upstairs! Let’s go upstairs! HEY! Let’s go upstairs! Shield. Shield. We’re going upstairs with a shield. Upstairs! Go slowly. Advance. Advance! Advance! ADVAAAAAAAAAANCE! Forget about the firing! Advance!” They FINALLY go upstairs. ""Is there anyone in the room? Search under the bed, in the closets, everything. Do it carefully. Fast! Lift up the bed. Look up there in the closet. Look up there in the closet!” They don’t search the top of the closet. ""Be careful! There are too many of you in the hallway! DON’T HAVE THAT MANY PEOPLE IN THE HALLWAY! Slowly. Go in. Enter. Is there another hallway over there? Is there another hallway over there? Come up. Come up! The other one! Let’s go to the other hallway!"" ""Search carefully. Look under the bed.” They don’t look under the bed. Someone shouts, “Come out or you’re going to die!” “Who is it? Hey! Who is it? Hey! Hey! Who is it?” the commander asks. They don’t answer him. Two women are hiding in the bathroom. They’ve been told to lie on the floor. The women are asked how many men were in the house. They say six. “Search well! Search well! Search well! Six men? I saw three below!” In reality, five men were killed and six people were arrested, which makes eleven. In the video, nobody adds up the numbers. They have no idea how many people are in the house. To my ears, the commander has a very faint American accent. It was reported that the Delta Force took part in the raid. The only person who had any skill at all was the commander. The Naval Infantry Force is Mexico's best soldiers. So now you know why Mexico can't get its act together..."
" WELL NOW. This is pretty much unprecedented. COGAT = Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories A total of 14 Palestinian terrorists were killed in the tunnel, which was ""collapsed."" The tunnel was lined with prefabricated reinforced concrete. The IDF says that they were aware of the tunnel for a long time. They detected and destroyed it with unidentified means. The Israelis let Islamic Jihad push the tunnel far into Israel. The reason is that the Palestinians can't claim that this was a smuggling tunnel. It was an attack tunnel. Two PIJ senior commanders were killed. Israel says they were not the targets. In reality, they were. But Israel is finally doing things the Palestinian way. NOW, Israel tells PIJ, ""We know where you are, we know you by name, and we know of your plan. Don't do it."" This is the first operation and aftermath that prove that Israel has extremely loyal Arab allies. It would be very hard for the Israelis to pinpoint PIJ leaders in Damascus. The Israelis designed the most advanced weapons on earth and did so for the Gulf Cooperation Council. This allows the GCC to fix all the problems in the Middle East. In return, the GCC now guards Israel. Why? Because Israel gave the Arabs the means to completely break from their very troubled past. The FUTURE for Arab nations is bright. Arab nations EARNED that future, but Israel provided the means. Therefore the GCC now guards Israel. HAMAS is telling PIJ to knock it off. These are SCARED terrorists. That's good. If you fear somebody, you leave him alone..."
" MILDEC. Military deception. The first step. Those 350,000 men STAYED in Saudi Arabia for training. The Saudis train them to fight in ""combined arms micro teams."" The basic fighting unit is comprised of one tank, one bulldozer, one gunship, one infantry squad, one antitank squad, and one sniper squad. This was Step Two of the MILDEC. This step is a ""feint operation."" We want everyone to be looking at Israel. The US Air Force said that it took nine months each to prepare Mosul and Raqqa for liberation. Both cities were extensively mapped from and and ground. Commandos went in and engaged in ""battlefield preparation."" The same thing was done in Yemen. Houthi field commanders and combat instructors were killed. Among other things. So what's happening in Yemen today? These are the KNOWN ground offensives taking place. NINE simultaneous ground offensives. But many OTHERS are also taking place. These operations were totally unknown until CENTCOM announced them. ""U.S. forces have conducted multiple ground operations and more than 120 strikes in 2017 to remove key leaders and disrupt the ability of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and ISIS-Yemen..."" ""To use ungoverned spaces in Yemen as a hub for terrorist recruiting, training, and base of operations to export terror worldwide."" Since 2015, I've heard ""experts"" tell me that Saudi Arabia was ""hopelessly bogged down"" in Yemen. Why did they say that? Because they're idiots. I read everything I could about Saudi and allied military capabilities, so I knew that Yemen was no quagmire. You know what Yemen was? MILDEC. The Saudis and their allies used the war in Yemen to distract from Syria and Iraq. Now that the wars in Syria and Iraq are essentially won, we have AT LEAST NINE SIMULTANEOUS GROUND OFFENSIVES in Yemen. Yemen is 203,850 square miles. Iraqi is 168,754 square miles. In 1991, we defeated the Iraqis with three ground offensives. In 2003, we used five ground offensives. The GCC and the Yemenis are carrying out NINE SIMULTANEOUS GROUND OFFENSIVES. And. Even more are taking place. They're attacking al-Qaeda and the Islamic State too. I appear to be the only western civilian aware of the stunning skill that Arab armed forces are displaying. But I'm not surprised at this skill. The 1st Moroccan Infantry Division was probably the best ""shock division"" of World War I. US Marines were stunned by their skill. Germans often surrendered without a fight to the 1st Moroccan. The French put their flamethrowers in the third wave of assault troops. Engineers used the weapons. Arab INFANTRY demanded flamethrowers, and they used them in the first wave. So what we're seeing now is a people returning to their roots. It's an amazing thing to watch..."
" The danger of believing your own propaganda. ""Among the many high-end formations deployed by the Syrian Arab Army and allied paramilitary groups in the province of Deir Ezzor to defend recently retaken cities, towns and villages along the western bank of the Euphrates River from ISIS..."" ""Is a powerful Syrian Hezbollah force with countless years of experience on the battlefield."" Iran trained these men. The late Hossein Hamadani made it a priority. ""Beginning in 2014, various Syrian Shiite militias began to call themselves ""Hezbollah fi Suriya"" (Hezbollah in Syria), and the geographical and numerical presence of the country's Twelver Shiite community greatly affected this umbrella network's development."" So how do this ""high end"" group perform in battle after three years of experience? It's beyond belief. They appear to have no training at all. I have videos that I won't upload because they're too gruesome, but they show that ALL branches of Hezbollah have terrible training. The driver of this Hezbollah BMP infantry fighting vehicle unloaded the men directly into enemy fire. All the men were instantly killed, and then the vehicle was destroyed with a missile. Hezbollah repeated this maneuver at least ten times. The video shows that a TWO-MAN commando team armed with rockets destroyed an entire company of Hezbollah mechanized infantry. Hezbollah had a T-72 tank. A rocket exploded in front of the tank and knocked it out (lower left corner). Maybe a dozen armored vehicles were destroyed. By two men. The men firing rockets skipped them off the ground so that they hit the underside of the armored vehicles. Man stands. Man fires. Rocket hits ground. Rocket hits underside of vehicle, destroying it. Hezbollah uses armored ambulances as troop carriers. The commandos destroyed them without hesitation. Some of you may remember how I told you that from May to August of 2015, only 50 Emirati and Saudi-trained Yemeni commandos held off 40,000 Houthis. This is how they did it. An entire company of Hezbollah mechanized infantry and its armor was destroyed by two men. All they had was rockets and machine guns. After the mullahs are removed from power, we'll find that their capabilities were almost nonexistent. We can thank the western press and western leaders for keeping the mullahs in power for so long... ADDENDUM: YouTube deleted all the videos that show Hezbollah's attack on the Aeronautical Technical College on August 24, 2016. I found more screen grabs. This BMP infantry fighting vehicle is unloading Hezbollah fighters directly into enemy fire. The men are falling into a pile, killed immediately. The arrows show two strikes from heavy machine-gun rounds. The field is littered with Hezbollah dead. One man runs away (red arrow). The circles in the earth show that the armored vehicles TURNED AROUND to unload the fighters into enemy fire. Another pile of dead. Hezbollah ran into the building on the lower right. The rocket gunner is behind the building on the left. Commando watching the rocket gunner. Rocket back blast. Rocket hits. Hezbollah in the building is killed. The two men who destroyed the entire Hezbollah mechanized infantry company... "
" Natasha Bach of Fortune stepped on her willy multiple times in her lust to criticize . Here's what Bach wrote. The ACTUAL title is ""Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper."" There's only ONE Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper. His name is Frank J. Larkin. The Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper is part of the Senate, not the White House. Anything else I can clear up for you, Natasha? I'm here to help... "
" This is a lie. Here's the actual quote: ""The May 17, 2017 order was worded categorically in order to permit its public release without confirming specific investigations involving specific individuals."" Read it for yourself. Here's the Special Counsel Law. ""The Special Counsel will be provided with a specific factual statement of the matter to be investigated."" Here's Rosenstein's letter to Mueller. ""Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein today announced the appointment of former Department of Justice official and FBI Director Robert S. Mueller III to serve as Special Counsel..."" ""To oversee the previously-confirmed FBI investigation of Russian government efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election and related matters."" THAT is a statement of facts. Jarrett is lying, because he knows that most people won't fact check him. Jarrett wants ratings. He's in bed with all the other Trump ""supporters"" trying to rile you up. Time to start ignoring him. He's abusing you..."
" Every see the movie or read the book ""The Day of the Jackal""? The Secret Army Organization has hired a professional assassin to kill French president Charles de Gaulle. The assassin is always several steps ahead of the police. The government ministers are infuriated. Finally Detective Lebel plays them a tape of a woman passing information to the guy who keeps the assassin informed. She's the mistress of one of the ministers and an agent of the Secret Army Organization. The minister has been boasting to her of the investigation, and she's been keeping the assassin informed. The disgraced minister leaves. ""How did you know whose phone to tap?"" asks the boss of the meeting. ""I didn't,"" says Lebel. ""So I used the authority you gave me, and I tapped the phones of everyone in this room. Goodnight, gentlemen."" How do you suppose Strzok's text messages were obtained? Three letters: N. S. A. See, Mueller's team kept leaking, which is illegal, so Sessions had the NSA turn over everything they had on all the lawyers. "
" A thread about a father and his aircraft. It reminds me of a story I read years ago. The De Havilland Vampire was a British fighter that had a massive design flaw. If the pilot bailed out, he'd hit the horizontal tail surfaces between the twin rudders. Bailing out was suicide. One night in 1952, a Vampire pilot got lost in the fog over Britain. His radio went out, so he was helpless. There was no way he could bail out, and he was running low on fuel. He'd given and was waiting to die, when suddenly a De Havilland Mosquito appeared beside him. It was a World War II vintage aircraft, but the Royal Air Force still used them for weather patrols. In the moonlight above the fog, the Vampire pilot saw the Mosquito pilot signalling by hand, ""Follow me."" So the Vampire pilot did. They went down into the fog--and suddenly the Vampire pilot saw the lights of an airfield. After he put down, Mosquito flew past, and the pilot wagged his wings. Then the Mosquito disappeared into the fog. The Vampire pilot went into the control room and explained to the men what had happened. ""If it weren't for that weather pilot, I'd be dead,"" he said. They men seemed strangely...happy. They took him over to a wall of photos. ""That's the guy who saved me!"" the Vampire pilot said. ""See? The codes on the Mosquito are the same. What his name?"" ""That's Captain Michael Taylor. He flew night interception missions in World War II. He was killed in action on January 21, 1944. We call him 'the shepherd.' He escorts lost airmen home. Welcome back..."""
" The Pentagon says no missiles were shot down. More importantly, no AIRCRAFT were shot down. Here's what nobody ever talks about: SEAD. Suppression of Enemy Air Defenses. Aircraft that engage in SEAD are called ""Wild Weasels."" When the enemy turns on his radar, a Wild Weasel will immediately fire a HARM (high-speed anti-radiation missile). It's a guided missile in reverse. A HARM follows the radar emission and goes right down the throats of the air-defense crews. Turning on your radar during a western or Gulf Cooperation Council air strike is suicide. So the enemy fires blindly. And hits nothing. This is Sana'a, Yemen, at night. Those are all cannon rounds. Here's what ALL of Iran's lackeys do: They use CONTACT fuses instead of PROXIMITY fuses. A proximity fuse blows up the round NEAR the aircraft. The British and Americans invented the proximity fuse in World War II. Each round has a tiny radar in it. Iran's lackeys use CONTACT fuses that have to hit the aircraft. Of course they miss, and then they fall on the civilians below, killing them. THEN these people are identified as victims of aerial bombings. The Russians and Syrians didn't shoot down any missiles, because if they'd turned on the radars, the Wild Weasels would've taken them out. I'm pretty sure that THIS video shows antiaircraft artillery (Triple A) falling on Syrian civilians. The red color of the explosions is typical for the high-explosive rounds fired by the 57mm AZP S-60 cannons that the Syrians use... "
" HOLY CRAP! Look what Lawrence O'Donnell did to his FACE! That has to be the absolute worst forehead lift I've ever seen. They raised his eyebrows a full inch. WHY do rich people let themselves be talked into becoming plastic-surgery disasters? In the past, the goal was to look YOUNGER. NOW, the goal is to look FREAKIER. I'm amazed. Here's what I think: Cosmetic surgeons do this ON PURPOSE. I happen to know a very successful decorator. This person told me that decorators are in a contest to see who can sell the ugliest designs to idiot celebrities. That's why their houses look HORRIBLE. This is Rachel Maddow's ""retreat."" The outside looks like a garage made of matchsticks. But this INSIDE is what's so inspired. It's a sauna-locker-room-bordello. You watch TV by lying down on the freezing-cold flagstones next to the tar pit. There's a sofa in the corner, too far from the TV, and you have to sit in the tar pit to get close to the fire. And all the angles make it seem like an M.C. Escher lithograph. You'll get nauseated within two seconds. And don't forget the chandelier! It's like glass intestines, ready to dump feces all over you as you sit in the tar pit. It's BRILLIANT: Maddow's ""retreat"" makes her feel nothing but stress. The designer SCREWED HER. She'll be the next one to chop up her face. ""My retreat makes me feel awful! Make me look like Lawrence O'Donnell!"" We have a better idea, Rachel. This is the new look that all the cool kids are getting. ""All right! That's for me! When can we do it?"" Right now. Just sit down, and we'll get started..."
" The conspiracy theorists (C-theorists) are lying to you on every level. I'll tell you the truth. The Las Vegas mass murderer took 23 weapons into his hotel room. You could do that in two or three suitcases. Bellboys would use these carts. The murderer used 100-round magazines. These two photo show AT LEAST 1600 rounds. This rifle has a ""bump-fire stock"". You can buy them or make them. Another way to make them. So: No professional assassins, no second gunman, no military machine guns. This is the clearest recording of one burst. Can you hear how the rate of fire speeds up and slows down? This video shows the EXACT WEAPON AND EQUIPMENT that the Las Vegas mass murderer used. Hear how the rate of fire speeds up and slows down? No second gunman, no military machine gun, no conspiracy. The C-theorists are in it for themselves. They want fame, clicks, likes, and shares. Now that I think about it, a better name is ""con theorists."" Jack-Mike-Laura say that their ""investigations"" have forced tectonic change in the US government. Laughable. Ongoing investigations CAN'T BE 100 PERCENT TRANSPARENT. The cops are dealing with unbelievably sick people. Here's the jabbering brother: “I wish I could tell you he was a miserable bastard, that I hate him, that if I could have killed him myself I would have."" ""But I can’t say that. It’s not who he was."" In a TV interview in front of his house, the jabbering brother said that this IS who his brother was. If he were going to carry out a mass shooting, he would done it effectively, with bipods on the rifles."
" of the AFP unwittingly provides all the evidence you need to debunk the lies that Israel is mowing down helpless civilian protesters. They're all extremely fit, military aged males. This guy is laying it on a bit thick. He's got a wound in his calf. No need to act like he's dead. See the smoke? Palestinians are burning tires to create smokes screens for armed terrorists. And there's no way that the casualty figures are accurate. We went through this in 2014. The Palestinians want one last fake bloodbath. After they get it, they'll give up. After seeing how Palestinians murder their own children and blame their deaths on Israel, I unplugged my Sympathy Meter... ADDENDUM: The last time this happened, most of the dead were terrorists. It's the same this time around, as the photos show... ADDENDUM TWO: When someone not officially affiliated with Hamas is killed, they get a Palestinian flag. Funeral after funeral is showing ""shahids,"" meaning jihadists engaged in military operations. They're wrapped in Hamas flags. THIS guy is Hamas, and he's being carried by the Fatah al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades. Israel doesn't have to explain or apologize. She's under a mass, coordinated terrorist assault. Therefore she gets to defend herself... ADDENDUM TWO: Terrorist groups issue ""mujahid"" posters for combatants killed in action. This is the mujahid poster for Mahmoud Abu Hamad of the Fatah al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades. There's no such thing as an honorary mujahid poster, but you can be an INVOLUNTARY mujahid. In others words, they kill you in a military operation and proclaim you a mujahid. The operation has to be a TERRORIST operation. You don't get to be a mujahid if Israel kills you accidentally, out of the blue, not in relation to a terrorist operation. Behold the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades mujahid posters of Ahed and Zakaria Bakr. This is Fatah's admission that Hamas killed the four boys on the beach in Gaza as part of a deception operation to blame Israel..."
" Why do people find it so hard to believe in REAL covert operations? This video illustrations why. The guy completely exposed the secrets of the table. Now the table is useless. People are conditioned by Hollywood to think that those engaged in covert operations leave little hints, or they come right out and say, ""I'm on a secret mission!"" No. The REAL covert operations are kept totally secret, unless and until they're announced. I have disguised storage for my firearms. Am I going to tell you? Not a chance. There's lots of stuff you don't know about me. In fact what you DON'T know far outweighs what you do. BUT. I'm not involved in covert operations. I'm literally just a guy yapping on Twitter. The people involved in REAL covert operations would never reach out to me UNLESS they were going to USE me to further an agenda. This is why I stick to open sources. No WAY would I EVER get mixed up in disinformation campaigns, writing what people asked me to write, meetings, viewing documents. We've become a VERY unserious culture. Chem trails. They're everywhere! Uh-huh. Here's a photo from 1944. A guy buys a secret gun table and then reveals all the secrets in a video. You know what this is about? Wanting to feel significant. If YOU have special knowledge that the teeming masses don't have, that makes YOU James Bond. Well, I'm not James Bond. Nor do I want to be. The main purpose of my tweeting is to relieve myself of ideas. After you write something down, it leaves you, making room for something else. I also tweet to try and calm people down. I need you to be calm because I don't want you to eff up the next three elections. Trump's agenda requires TIME. So we have to be very clear headed for the next three election cycles. AFTER 2024, we can't go back to being hysterical all the time. But UNTIL then, we need to show some discipline..."
" How stupid are Democrats? THIS STUPID! ""Democratic U.S. senators introduced a bill on Tuesday they said would prevent President Donald Trump..."" ""From launching a nuclear first strike on North Korea on his own."" Nuclear weapons are used by the National Command Authority. The president and the Secretary of Defense. President Trump is already unable to launch a nuclear first strike on his own. Do you think James Mattis is a yes-man? If Mattis disagreed with Trump, would he refuse? Yes. Trump could fire Mattis, but then he has to find a secretary who would agree with him. So, our Democratic senators are idiots, and they trust Kim Jong-un over President Trump. We need a Republican supermajority SO BAD. Put this party out of its misery. It's time."
" The Russians go full DUH. Insulting the Russian president is...inadmissible? Vlad, let me explain something to you: Russian always has its middle finger raised. You oppose ANY improvement. So guess what happened? Trump grabbed your raised middle finger and broke it off at the knuckle. You guys ATTACKED our troops in Syria. We've bent over backwards to not engage the chinless ophthalmologist's forces. Now, of the 500 men who launched an unprovoked attack on ours, 200 were killed and 300 were wounded. Your assault battalion took 100 percent casualties. THAT is a world record. Trump played you, Vlad. He said nice things about you and invited you to the US, so you snickered and said, ""What dummy!"" Who was the REAL dummy, Vlad? This isn't a GAME, Vlad. We're not doing this for fun or because we need to prove something. Everyone you support is a war criminal, Vlad. The clock ALWAYS RUNS OUT for war criminals. Don't lie: You knew this day would come. Besides, all we did was destroy Assad's chemical weapons. The ones YOU claimed you would get rid of. So blame yourself, Vlad. Trump gave you every chance in the world to prove your mettle, and you FAILED. Don't pile more bad decisions on top of the ones you've already made..."
" Let's read between the lines to see the utter failure of the Obama administration in Afghanistan. Operation Resolute Support began on January 1, 2015. The words of Brigadier General Lance Bunch US Air Force, director, CJ35, Future Operations, Headquarters Resolute Support, U.S. Central Command, Kabul, Afghanistan. ""Three months ago, we stood up a Future Operations Division in Resolute Support."" ""In August, when the president introduced the new South Asia policy and its new accompanying authorities, we transitioned from a time-based mission to one that is now conditions-based."" ""To get that job done, our new future operations, or FUOPS, shop, developed a sustained air interdiction campaign, and, for the first time in this war, a counter-threat revenue campaign."" ""Using air power, we have been able to target the Taliban in their so-called safe zones, command and control nodes, illicit revenue-generating ventures, and their logistical networks."" ""This new air interdiction campaign directly strengthens the Afghan defense forces, and their continued battlefield successes."" What this means is that under Obama, NONE OF THESE THINGS WERE DONE. Obama is a liar, a fraud, and a clown. He PRETENDED to fight a war. The US has become a jalopy. Americans are too used to lies, playacting, and stupidity. Will Americans allow Trump to actually get the job done? The jury is out on that question. I can't make predictions about that. Nobody said a word as the US pretended to fight in Afghanistan. I don't even know if anyone is bothered by that..."
" Not so fast, . Your tweet. A response. YOUR response. The woman who never married. She works for George Soros. A tweet from 2016. Six likes. She liked it with one of her OTHER accounts. So did THIS guy. D'OH! DOUBLE D'OH! SOME of us have REAL reasons for never marrying or having kids. We don't go on social media and LIE in order to score political points. Man, that was fun! I should've been a private detective... ADDENDUM: Come on, people. When you go to Macy's and click the ""Guest Registry,"" you get this. Do I have to do EVERYTHING...? ADDENDUM TWO: The person has responded. That's not the plot of ""The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society."" The founder of the society is Elizabeth McKenna, who was taken by the Nazis from Guernsey, and who died in the Ravensbrück concentration camp for women. A lawyer doesn't fly six times a week. I've been told she lives in Austin, but said the climate is too harsh for ferns. Well, the Hotel San Jose in Austin would be surprised to learn that. Ferns grow fine in Texas. They don't do well in New York City. Prior to the one above, this is her only tweet about Charlottesville. Nobody REAL talks like that. Pure leftist activism, pretending that Trump supporters are so beyond the pale that they're incomprehensible. This is the account of an well-indoctrinated fanatic, not a ""concerned citizen..."""
" Thread on bullying and the Florida mass shooting. The new faces of Democratic anti-gun fanaticism are turning out--surprise!--to be incredibly unpleasant people. Their values are demented. The school itself is demented. I was bullied from kindergarten until I was a junior in college, when I moved off campus. ALL my schools were nightmares of dysfunction. But like , I never thought about killing anyone. I thought a lot about killing MYSELF, but two people saved me. In the fifth grade, it was Thurman Biscoe. And in the seventh grade, in was Mr. Copeland, who one night took me canoeing on a silent lake. He simply invited me, and we didn't talk, except when he said, ""Isn't this beautiful?"" Thurman and Mr. Copeland allowed me to not kill myself. But when you INTERNALIZE the status of a punching bag, you go out and FIND people to punch you. I dated the worst female monstrosities on the face of the earth. Because all I knew was being bullied. What I've come to realize--at the age of 55--is that EVERYBODY knows right from wrong. They simply CHOOSE to not do the right thing. The people so insane that they don't know right from wrong? They could all have dinner together at a McDonald's. And I mean the global population of such people. The Florida mass shooting is an event horizon of wrongdoing. The school and the cops refused to hold the Neanderthal kid responsible, teaching him that crimes have no consequences. All his guardians were on another planet. And now the heroic anti-gun lunatics say the kid deserved to be bullied. The Neanderthal kid was so SPOILED that after he shot up a school, he thought he'd skate. He was just going to go home and play video games. The corrupt sheriff and his worthless deputies were no help, and then ON THE SAME DAY OF THE SHOOTING, a bunch of ghoulish opportunists decided that it was time for them to become celebrities. The whole thing is totally dismaying. I found out last night--after hours of research--that in the entire history of the US, semiautomatic rifles have been used three times to commit mass murder on primary and secondary school campuses. Not ONE of these anti-gun activists is sincere. Not one. This is entirely about political power. My guess is the the elections are now a lock for the Republicans. Leftists overreached, as they always do. Leftists are also getting worse at vetting. AND. People think that fame gives them carte blanche to spew whatever they want. The reason I became a fan of is that she did everything on her own terms, and she didn't let truly unfathomable bullying stop her. And NOW. As said, this second act is outstanding. At the risk of making people think I'm utterly nuts, I'll end by saying that spending a year tending to my dying parents opened up a portal of sorts. I began to perceive things that others can't. It's VERY dangerous to be a negative person. I could be the most negative person on earth. Easily. But I'm NOT negative, because I'm able to see how rapidly things are improving, and I want to experience the kind of world I always wanted. And. I owe it to Thurman Biscoe and Mr. Copeland to not squander the gift they gave me. The gift of hope..."
" For years, someone prepared the Saudis for all of this. Who did the preparing? I don't know. But someone called off the dogs five years ago. These videos are REAL, but they're also theater. The goal was to help Saudis become used to the idea of freedom. In 2004, an Iraqi writer said this: ""The Americans freed us from our cage, but we don't know how to fly."" Beginning five or six years ago, we began seeing MANY viral videos of Saudi women successfully defying the religious police. The Saudi population has been psychologically prepared for the emancipation of women. I predict that House of Saud will gradually transform the country into a constitutional monarchy. The Saudis studied FAILURE. That's why this revolution will be successful."
" From what I can tell, Assad and Hezbollah and the Iranians haven't won a single battle in Syria. In every case, the terrorists are allowed to leave. We have THIS. It was actually the Islamic State AND al-Qaeda. But guess what Hezbollah did? Hezbollah FAKED the battle. The extremely physically fit Hezbollah fighters after the battle. The combat-weary vehicles they used. A brand-new Browning Model 1919 machine gun. Never fired. Three Hezbollah fighters advance under fire. They reposition themselves. How sweet! Al-Nusra left three bottles of water for them. Here's what I think: Moqtada al-Sadr's victory in Iraq was the ""Go"" signal for the Gulf Cooperation Council and its allies to roll up the Iranian mullahs' lackeys. Yesterday, unidentified ground forces blew the hell out of Hezbollah and Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps bases all over Syria. Today it's the Houthis in Yemen. Massive air strikes and rapid advances on the ground. Hezbollah always fought an enemy who kept one hand behind his back. The Houthis fought an enemy who lacked advanced technology. And the IRGC wasn't trained in actual combat. The IRGC is used to oppress unarmed civilians. So now all of these guys are fighting people with incredible skill and incredible weaponry. There's only one way all of this will end..."
" I'm proud to say that I'm a fool. ""Unlike the other Arab Springs — all of which emerged bottom up and failed miserably, except in Tunisia — this one is led from the top down by the country’s 32-year-old crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman..."" ""And, if it succeeds, it will not only change the character of Saudi Arabia but the tone and tenor of Islam across the globe. Only a fool would predict its success — but only a fool would not root for it."" I predict its success. In fact it will be more successful than any of us realize. The hard work is already over. Here's what an Iraqi writer said about the overthrow of Saddam Hussein: ""The Americans let us out of our cage, but we didn't know how to fly."" The Saudis were NOT in a cage, but they DID live under very strict laws, put in place in 1979 after an attempted uprising by Islamist terrorists. Friedman is wrong when he says that the reforms are coming form the top down. The reforms are a COOPERATIVE effort between the government and the people. THAT'S why the effort will succeed. Mohammed bin Salman is also correct when he says this: ""'Iran’s “supreme leader is the new Hitler of the Middle East,' said M.B.S. 'But we learned from Europe that appeasement doesn’t work. We don’t want the new Hitler in Iran to repeat what happened in Europe in the Middle East.'"" But he's NOT TALKING ABOUT A MASSIVE WAR. Have faith. Other quotes: ""His general view seemed to be that with the backing of the Trump administration — he praised President Trump as 'the right person at the right time' — the Saudis and their Arab allies were slowly building a coalition to stand up to Iran."" ""'Our country has suffered a lot from corruption from the 1980s until today. The calculation of our experts is that roughly 10 percent of all government spending was siphoned off by corruption each year, from the top levels to the bottom.'"" “'My father saw that there is no way we can stay in the G-20 and grow with this level of corruption. In early 2015, one of his first orders to his team was to collect all the information about corruption — at the top.'"" ""'This team worked for two years until they collected the most accurate information, and then they came up with about 200 names.”' ""When all the data was ready, the public prosecutor, Saud al-Mojib, took action, M.B.S. said, explaining that each suspected billionaire or prince was arrested and given two choices:"" “'We show them all the files that we have and as soon as they see those about 95 percent agree to a settlement,' which means signing over cash or shares of their business to the Saudi state treasury."" ""'We have experts making sure no businesses are bankrupted in the process' — to avoid causing unemployment."" ""Not a single Saudi I spoke to here over three days expressed anything other than effusive support for this anticorruption drive. The Saudi silent majority is clearly fed up with the injustice of so many princes and billionaires ripping off their country."" In over fifty years as Governor of Riyadh, King Salman was never once even accused of corruption. So, as I always say, the Saudis are sincere in this. And I was right about THIS too: Saudi Arabia will become a federation. ""'We need to restore our culture to what it was before the [Islamic] radical culture took over,' a Saudi woman friend who works with an N.G.O. said to me."" ""'We have 13 regions in this country, and they each have a different cuisine. But nobody knows that. Did you know that? But I never saw one Saudi dish go global. It is time for us to embrace who we are and who we were.'"" How did I know this would happen? From a video, of course. A black soldier in Syria, attached to the Syrian Democratic Forces. He took over over when examining the body of an Islamic State terrorist. He had flags on his rifle. That's the flag of the Hashemite Kingdom of Hejaz (1916-1925). In Saudi Arabia, guess where there's a large population of Afro-Arabs? The Hejaz region! When your commandos are displaying signs of regional pride, it means that your country is headed for a federation. And I predicted it in June of 2016. Ha. ADDENDUM: The commando from Hejaz appeared in other videos. He had a partner, also from Hejaz, I'm guessing. "
" Trump said TWICE that our military capabilities are greatly enhanced. Well, simply FUNDING the military won't enhance our capabilities. He's talking new technology. When this began, Mattis released a statement that the US and ITS ALLIES have the deadliest and MOST REHEARSED capabilities on earth. I have absolutely no doubt whatsoever that if necessary, our allies will send commandos after Chinese obstructionists. The Saudis have trained multiple Asian nations. There strategic commandos who can pass for Chinese and for North Koreans. Many of the countries allied with Saudi Arabia have ethnic Chinese populations. And I THINK the Gulf Cooperation Council must recruit the children of the expats who live in the region. This man was interviewed as a Syrian civilian attending the reopening of a giant spa in Syria. He's standing ""at ease."" All the men behind him were giggling uncontrollably. The spa owner said that people from all over Syria were coming, because this place was safe. The pools look like lakes. What motivates Mohammed bin Salman is the eradication of injustice. Why reopen a spa in the middle of a war? TO MAKE EVERYONE FEEL NORMAL AGAIN. Reopening the spa gives Syrians a huge psychological boost. They get to have nice things again! They're not a loser Third World nation. It's a brilliant move. And Hassan Hassan will kill anybody who messes with the Syrians there. That's his job. ""Protect these people."" The US pounded Russia into the Syrian sand. If necessary, the GCC will send men into China to convince the Chinese to let North Korea go. Count on it. We NEED North Korea to be free, so that means that North Korea WILL be freed. Period..."
" Why should the US never get involved in Middle Eastern politics? Egypt is a PERFECT example. After Hosni Murbarak was overthrown in 2011, the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces ruled Egypt for 17 months. ""A few days after Mubarak’s ouster, [General Mahmoud] Wagdi announced that the Interior Ministry was adopting a new policy under which all political detainees would be released."" ""The announcement — based on an order given by Ahmed Shafiq and with the blessing of the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces — appeared to be an attempt to placate public anger against the police and suggest that a new era had begun."" Guess what happened? The worst of the jihadists went to the Sinai Peninsula and formed Ansar Bait al-Maqdis (ABM). In 2014 ABM became the Islamic State-Sinai Province. And now the Sinai is where the jihadists from Iraq and Syria fled. The Egyptian military ""offered a second chance."" And now the Egyptian military is razing the Sinai flat in a desperate attempt to fight the very people they released. You can always rely on the Israeli press to take the side of terrorists. Who but the Israeli press would give THE ISLAMIC STATE a platform. ""Oh dear! We bombed civilians again! Because we're BAD!"" And Human rights Watch is in the middle, making its accusations. So it's yet ANOTHER f*cking mess that we need to steer well clear of. Eventually the Saudis will take care of business. God bless the Saudis. I wish I had their patience. At any rate, we need to SUPPORT Saudi Arabia in every way possible, because they're the catalyst for regional improvement. The combination of horrible decisions and hair shirts would make me walk away. I'd be like, ""No. YOU guys caused this, YOU guys won't stop groveling to the world, and YOU guy are liars. To hell with all of you."" But I'm just a guy who tweets. I have the luxury of being a quitter. The Saudis can't walk away. I mean, they COULD, but they won't. So again, God bless the Saudis. I don't know what we'd do without Saudi Arabia..."
"@bulliegirl2513 (1) A study in the knee-jerk American lust for pointless arguing. @bulliegirl2513 (2) Here we have a very telling photo. @bulliegirl2513 (3) What's the response? @bulliegirl2513 (4) ""I agree that he deserves to be in jail, but here's a photo in which she doesn't look horrified."" @bulliegirl2513 (5) What are we supposed to say to that? @bulliegirl2513 (6) I don't get it. ""I agree with you, but you're wrong."" I can't tell you how many times I've been sent that message. @bulliegirl2513 (8) AND she doesn't ""look okay"" at all. See the pig-man's belly? It's jammed up against her. @bulliegirl2513 (9) She's got 100 pounds of hot fat being held against her entire body. This is NOT a smile. She's baring her teeth. Waiting for the moment to pass. @bulliegirl2513 (11) I'm going to start blocking people who minimize Weinstein's actions. Okay? Okay. @bulliegirl2513 (12) Oh, and she's using her handbag as a shield. Look where she's holding it. She does NOT ""look okay."" "
" Hard to believe, I know, but this guy is a disaster. Although he's middle aged... He's obsessed with cartoons. He has no friends. All he does is go to cartoon events... And eat eggs. He dreams of anime lesbians. He takes photos of his TV. That's because he knows no humans. As awful as it is to hear someone like this gloat, the reality is that this guy is who the Democrats attract. He's mad as a hatter. This is his tattoo. This guy is WRECKAGE. He's remnants, washed up on some nightmare anime lesbian beach. His entire life is cartoons, TV, eggs, his cat, and politics. He has the same flat affect as the Texas mass murderer. Another schizophrenic. Guess what happens when all you eat is bacon and eggs? Note the masklike face. This guy is completely insane. That's why he says things like this. The Democrats are attracting only lunatics. This party can't survive. It's getting NO DONATIONS. The guy posts a few pictures of his family. Total disconnection. They can't stand him. This guy has a VERY unhealthy obsessed with Trump supporters. Judging by everything on his Instagram account, I'd say there's a better-than-average chance that he's dangerous. At any rate, he's so weird looking that you'll be able to see him coming form a mile away. THIS IS THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY. Vicious freaks who are no longer human. You MUST make them pay for this in 2018 and 2020. They will not change unless you remove them from power completely. "
" Remember: Here's what he said. The quotation marks mean something. But I don't know what. Everything is pointing to the Obama administration using the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) to get FISA warrants to spy on Obama's political opponents. NSA Director Mike Rogers may have told Trump. Rogers has served a year longer than any other NSA director. Someone in the FBI may have told Trump. Or Trump may have found out on his own, using private contractors. Did anyone ever tell us where General Flynn was when he called Russian ambassador Kislyak? I can't find that information. My gut tells me that Flynn set up the FBI. The call to Kislyak somehow tipped off Trump that Obama was spying on him..."
" What could strategic special operators have done at Normandy, June 6, 1944? Strategic special forces were invented by the Gulf Cooperation Council in about 2009. They're also called C6ISR forces. C6ISR = Command, Control, Communications, Computing, Cyber warfare, Commando, Intelligence, Surveillance, Intelligence. ""In their present format, C6ISR forces do not possess the critical mass required for a ground maneuver – certainly not for methodical dismantling of the enemy."" Good one! IDF Brigadier General (ret.) Gal Hirsch was doing the Saudi thing: When the Saudis say, ""We PLAN ON doing this,"" it means they've already done it. The organization of strategic special forces is unknown, but my guess is that each unit is the size of a battalion: 800 to 1000 men. Each unit has armor, air support, artillery, and naval capabilities. AND massive electronic warfare (EW) capabilities. We know how strategic special forces fight: They divide themselves into ""combined arms micro teams."" One tank, one bulldozer, one gunship, one infantry squad, one antitank squad, and one sniper squad. There are also autonomous machine-gun squads, mortar squads, and commando assault squads. Normandy in 1944 would've been a piece of cake. How do I know this? Because the US said that it took NINE MONTHS to prepare for the Battle of Mosul. In World War II, the US Army considered special forces worthless. So at Normandy, we pounded the German positions with naval gunfire and then charged right into the machine guns. About 4400 Allied troops were killed on June 6, 1994. The actor Charles Durning lost half his neck. Emotionally, he never recovered, and his trauma got worse the older he became. I'm not BLAMING anybody; I'm saying that every soldier you send into battle is a human being who is going to suffer. It's easy to say, ""War is hell"" and then have lunch. Well, Charles Durning found no peace. Ever. Mosul was similar to D-Day in that the invading forces came across a vast, featureless plain similar to the ocean. The enemy saw them coming. Also, the enemy had two years to prepare. The terrorists created ""killing zones"" by knocking down buildings. Thousands and thousands of explosives and mines were laid, underground networks were dug, and hundreds of thousands of civilians were used as human shields. How did the strategic special forces defeat the terrorist fortifications? They went into the city. This man is a Saudi. He's speaking English. ""And here you see a sword."" He also says ""gone and taken."" Back to the preparation of Mosul. ""Battle space characterization is performed by a diverse team, by air and ground assets."" Drones, reconnaissance aircraft, commandos posing as terrorists, videotaping the entire city. They made a three-dimensional digital map of the whole city. Of course nobody is talking, but it's clear that strategic special forces can see INSIDE buildings. They'd use some form of synthetic-aperture radar (SAR), with much higher resolution than this. I'm sure sure that there's also something that drives the enemy away without killing him. The underground systems were captured without a fight. The strategic special forces were READY for underground combat. Here's a miniature carbine with the shortest grenade launcher I've ever seen. It's for use in VERY close quarters. Try and find another photo of that weapon. You won't. The reality is that the days of enormous conventional forces slugging it out toe to toe are over. The Gulf Cooperation Council sent its strategic commandos into Syria in October of 2015. In 2016, a total of 49,000 people--civilians and combatants--were killed. In 2017, the total death toll is 7203. THAT is the value of strategic special forces. They save lives on all sides. They ""persuade"" the enemy to stop fighting. Transnational war is already obsolete. My guess is that even civil wars will become obsolete. And that's a good thing. In memory of Charles Durning (February 28, 1923 - December 24, 2012). "
" illustrates the ""conservative"" pathology of ""failing with honor."" Stephens approves of the job Trump has done, but he still wishes Hillary were president. Why? Well, he would prefer a criminal for a president because--Stephens says--liberalism can save a culture from itself. Trump has no character, Stephens says. Based on...tweets. Demented. Trump has no virtue either. With every word he excretes, Stephens shows himself to be almost incomprehensibly superficial. EVERY SINGLE CRITICISM is a hallucination. It's the same as the fantasies of right-wingers who think that John Kelly is drugging Trump. Our pundit class needs a complete overhaul. These people are totally off their rockers. Also, why STILL be a ""never Trumper"" when he's already president? Are we now going to childishly PRETEND that he isn't president? These people are JALOPIES. They're utterly without value, except as consumers of products. Thus they help keep the economy afloat. When Bret Stephens goes to his great reward, they'll write ""I Ate and Crapped"" on his tombstone. That's all he'll have done in his entire life. Nothing else. I can't imagine INSISTING on being five years old forever. But look how many of us are in that boat. I wish they WERE in a boat headed out to sea. We have to STOP being a STUPID COUNTRY. The Donald Trump who you hate DOESN'T EVEN EXIST. You're locked in a perma-tantrum over a DISGUISE. That makes you even STUPIDER. You know what you're like? You're someone getting hysterical at a man claiming he's a robot and wearing a cereal box on his head. Here I am wearing a cereal box on my head. If I tell you I'm a robot, Bret Stephens, are you going to HATE ME FOREVER? How stupid is that? As stupid as a goat on a power line. HAPPY NEW YEAR! "
" I don't miss my brother. He's a belligerent guy who's bitter because he got fat and bald. I told him, ""Don't worry about it. Someday you'll be dead, and then you won't care."" He got hysterical. To contrast him to the brother who I'm give to live with in Vegas: I had a gastritis attack that landed me in the emergency room. Worst pain of my life. After they gave me morphine, my brother said, ""You look dead."" I said, ""Quick! Take a picture before it goes away!"" So he did. Here's what I'll look like when I'm dead. It just makes us laugh. It's a Dianne Arbus image..."
" PERFECT! I say STRAIGHT OUT that I HAVE NO SOURCES, and that I'm only theorizing. So what does this guy do? He asks a demented conspiracy theorist if I can be trusted. USE YOUR OWN GODDAM BRAIN, JAMES. Do you not understand that all I'm doing is interpreting open sources? Why the hell would the nonexistent Deep State send me out there to tell you that I HAVE NO SOURCES? That OTHER guy claims to have sources. He tells you the craziest shit I've ever read. Why would Trump meekly submit to being held prisoner by his chief of staff? Here's what the jackasses and sacks of manure did in order to get credulous readers to consume their stuff: The very day that Trump was elected, these guys transformed him into a helpless toddler who has no idea what he's doing. To keep you hooked, they smear genuine heroes like H. R. McMaster. What has you buddy told you that turned out to be true? In 2015, I started telling you about the transformation of Saudi Arabia. I wrote this in July. I told you that we have the capability of taking out North Korean nukes and missile sites. This is the 29th tunnel destroyed since January of 2016. ""He would not say how the tunnel was detonated, but described the technology used to detect it as 'advanced and groundbreaking.'"" ""Asked about reports that senior members of the militant Islamic Jihad group had been killed in the operation..."" ""An IDF spokesman said there had been 'no intention in any way or at any stage' to target senior figures."" He practiced for hours to say that without cracking up. OF COURSE they targeted terrorist commanders. The tunnel was a showcase. ""See? We've tunneled deeply into the Zionist Entity's occupied territory, unnoticed. Come look!"" The terrorist commanders went inside, and KABOOM! It's likely that the Israelis measure gravity inside the tunnel. Any void in the earth has a lower gravity. Once you detect the tunnel, it's easy to monitor it. So the Israelis got wind that terrorist commanders would do an inspection tour, and that was the end of the commanders. ALL OPEN SOURCE. Nobody told me anything. I'm neither legitimate nor illegitimate. I'm just a guy who tweets. The FAKERS are the ones who tell you outlandish things that collapse after three seconds of rational analysis. They're ABUSING you. I don't abuse people. I'm not immoral..."
" Who comes up with these stories? I don't know. But the press simply repeats them. I investigate them. Suleiman is already dead. He was killed in Syria in November of 2015. Suleimani has made no VIDEOTAPED statements about about Donald Trump, and none of the videos published since November of 2015 show him speaking about current events. Arab commandos killed him. There's no doubt. ""US Gives Israel Green Light"" is ridiculous. The Israelis wouldn't ask us for permission, and Trump made it clear long ago that he supports regime change. I just wrote about Operation Bodyguard, the Allied deception campaign used to fool the Germans into not knowing that we would land in Normandy on June 6, 1944. Well, ALL SIDES can engage in deception operations. Why are the Iranian mullahs so dangerous? Because they support Sunni jihadist terrorists. I uncovered ONE famous deception. Suleimani was killed in November of 2015. However, he referenced the murder of Abdullah Issa, a Syrian Arab Army soldier. Therefore, the murder of Abdullah Issa took place before November of 2015. Yet Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki claimed that Issa was murdered on or around July 19, 2016. The US supported Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki. This murder GREATLY damaged American credibility in the entire Middle East. The final proof that the murder took place in 2015: The man on the right. See his teeth? Here he is on July 29, 2016, ten days after the murder. July 19 compared to July 29. Ten days after the murder, the man is covered with healed burn scars. Look at his chest. Suleimani was killed in November of 2015, yet he referenced this murder. Therefore the murder took place in 2015, AND it was orchestrated by Iran to discredit the United States. It worked. So, while the New York Times plods along, telling you nothing, I provide you with evidence of multiple deception operations. AND evidence of the jaw-dropping evil of the Iranian mullahs. Abdullah Issa fought for Syria in good faith. He thought that Iran was his ally. Suleimani had him BEHEADED as an act of political theater. Not only that, Suleimani chose a young man with a congenital condition that made him appear to be a child. THAT is how murderously cold and calculating the Iranian mullahs are. The Iranian mullahs have no humanity. They are murder-machines. They are so dangerous that they must be overthrown. Period. End of story..."
" Yes. Lee Harvey Oswald was an excellent shot. Multiple riflemen have duplicated firing the same number of bullets in the time period allotted and hitting the targets. Terms such as ""magic bullet"" and pristine bullet"" are totally inaccurate, invented by conspiracy theorists. Oswald shot and killed a police officer after he killed JFK. When cornered in a movie theater, Oswald tried to shoot his way out. It took multiple officers to subdue him. The carbine is incredibly powerful. Italian assault troops used it in both world wars. Ballistic mannequins have been used to exactly duplicate the single shot that hit Kennedy and Connally. Oswald's wife Marina said he tried to murder General Edwin Walker on April 10, 1963. Oswald defected to the Soviet Union, came back, and tried to defect again. His brother his always said that Oswald was guilty. None of the conspiracy theories stand up. Also, the ""analyses"" of the Zapruder film rely on you NOT believing what your own eyes see. But Trump is giving everyone more rabbits to chase. Not me. Not interested..."
" I figured out how Assad will leave Syria. Assad and his allies are making deals. Hay’at Tahrir Al-Sham (HTS) is al-Qaeda. But they aren't the only ones Assad is protecting. SURPRISE! Why in the hell would Assad protect al-Qaeda and the Islamic State? It's called the ""Algerian Strategy."" Assad thinks he can force his people to choose only between him or terrorists. So he's keeping the terrorists alive as a threat until he can consolidate power. But the problem for Assad is that Russia says the Islamic State is defeated, and Iran is now concentrating on Israel. This is by design. Trump, the Gulf Cooperation Council, and Israel worked together to create this precise outcome. The Combined Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve is still fighting the Islamic State in Syria. U.K. Army Major General Felix Gedney, Deputy Commander, Strategy and Support, Combined Joint Task Force-Operation Inherent Resolve: ""In Syria, the fight very much continues against ISIS terrorists who still present a threat to the people of Syria, as well as to the region and our home nations."" ""The Syrian Democratic Forces have therefore, kept up their advance against ISIS in the Khabur and Middle Euphrates River Valleys."" Since Assad is giving the Islamic State a safe haven, the forces fighting the Islamic State will eventually cross into Regime-held territory. Turkey has just telegraphed the next move. ""Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has reignited a war of words with the president of neighboring Syria, calling him a ""terrorist"" who has no place in negotiations over the country's future."" A year ago, the great fear was that Turkey and the Kurds would end up in a war in Northern Syria. Guess what happened? The Kurds said they DID NOT want an independent state, Trump armed them, and Erdogan was satisfied. Then ASSAD said that the Syrian Democratic Forces are the ""new Islamic State,"" and he attacked them. Only three times. Then everyone attacking the Kurds went silent. Assad is a puppet of the Iranian mullahs. He does what they tell him to do. The mullahs are now being assaulted from all directions, so they're making bad decisions. But Assad no longer has armed forces worth a damn, and he's allowing al-Qaeda and the Islamic State to stay in territory he ostensibly controls. At some point SOMEBODY will go in after the terrorists who Assad is sheltering, and he'll get on an aircraft headed for Moscow. That's the end game. The GCC, Trump, and Israel worked it out. And the plan will be successful... ADDENDUM: I forgot to link to the latest briefing by the Combined Joint Task Force. Here's the key that shows us what will happen in the (near?) future: ""As we've seen this week in Damascus and in various other places in Syria, such as Palmyra, over the past several months, ISIS retains the capability to launch successful surprise offenses and retake territories from Assad forces."" ""The Syrian regime has failed to demonstrate its ability to prevent the resurgence of ISIS on their own soil."" So at some point, the Syrian Democratic Forces and their GCC allies will go into regime territory to fight the Islamic State, and Assad will flee. That's my theory..."
" Let's talk about THIS. The painting. Ladies? Are these nymphs anatomically correct? When I look at the painting, here's what I see. Terrifying. So this painting that OMITS body parts and has a LESSON is considered ""offensive to modern sensibilities."" Well, that doesn't jibe with something else. The leftist celebration of male photographers who specialize in naked pubescent girls. THESE are adult faces. They are NOT pubescent girls. When I was a music journalist in Hollywood from 1992 to 2002, I met MANY household-name celebrities. One told me how he discovered his wife. She was the muse of a famous photographer who specializes in naked pubescent girls. She was TWELVE when photographed. This man fell in love with the naked twelve-year-old and arranged to meet her. They got married. It was NOT a healthy relationship. There were hard-core adult magazines EVERYWHERE in the house, and the guy spoke only about sex. This guy is a RABID leftist. He HATES conservatives. And he fell in love with a naked twelve-year-old when he was in his late thirties. What's the endgame for this madness? Well, no art. That's one goal. No thinking. And dualism designed to make you crazy. ""We will not allow you to destroy everything we have overcome as women!"" --Miley Cyrus to Donald Trump Miley Cyrus and her fans. Leftism is designed to confuse you. That makes you easier to control. But leftists ALWAYS overreach, and they rob ALL concepts of meaning. They're kicking everything into high gear. But it's their last hurrah. And then we can FINALLY get back to being normal. Not much longer now..."
" A brilliant thread, but first a glossary: BEFORE the glossary, the confirmation. IPO = ""initial public offering."" Selling stock shares to the public for the first time. Aramco is the Saudi national oil company. The Saudis are partially privatizing it in an IPO. Saudi Arabia wants a large ""sovereign wealth fund"" in order to lure investors. So here's the brilliant thread. Read it carefully. And just as said it, we have this: My guess is that ALL OF THIS goes back to Trump's visit to Saudi Arabia. Trump is helping the Saudis become a global superpower. They will view him as a secular saint forever..."
" sent me ""Military Leaders’ Obligation to Justify Killing in War."" I think this proves my theory: My theory is that using advanced technology, the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) has created a new form of warfare. I believe that the GCC wages war on MILITARY OBJECTS, not people. Not even combatants. Brigadier General S.L.A. Marshall--official historian of US combat operations in World War II--discovered something incredible: Only 25 percent of all American infantrymen fired their weapons during the war. They simply refused to kill. No amount of training could overcome this refusal. What the US military did was to retrain the soldiers to fire on command. This made them more likely to shoot. The result was FAR MORE psychological trauma. Even when under fire, Americans simply don not want to kill. One of the reasons I think GCC strategic special forces are so effective is that they destroy WEAPONS, not people. The technology has now evolved to the point that this is feasible. GCC commandos use ""thermobaric"" or ""fuel-air explosive"" weapons. The level of lethality can be chosen. The men in this gun truck survived. The blast only stunned them. They're DEAF, but they're alive. I had lots of such videos on YouTube, but doesn't want me to show them to you. THOUSANDS of terrorists surrendered. They had pledged to fight to the death, but they gave up. I've never been in the military, but I imagine that incredibly skilled soldiers feel badly about killing men who HAVE no skills. Before 2015, this was my mindset. I thought, ""That's the nature of war. We have no other choice."" And for centuries, that was true. But I think there IS a new way ,and I think it's being used. The terrorists built incredibly complex tunnel systems in Yemen, Syria, and Iraq. Why didn't they work? Videos show tunnels that were abandoned VERY hastily. On Iwo Jima, the Americans had to use flamethrowers, gasoline, and explosive to kill all the Japanese in their tunnels. My former girlfriend's father ""cleaned out"" caves. He never recovered. It tormented him his entire life. The inventor of the machine gun was the American Hiram Maxim. He said the machine gun would end war. In the Battle of Omdurman (September 2, 1898), the British used machine guns and quick-firing artillery against men with spears. The death toll was 48 British and over 12,000 Sudanese. Winston Churchill said he'd never been more ashamed in his life. We've tried to make war too terrible to fight, and we've tried disarmament. Neither works. I think the GCC has found the only solution: wage war on military OBJECTS, not people. It not only saves lives, it saves MINDS and PSYCHES. The sun is coming up. Can't you feel it?"
" Well, SOMEONE went into Gaza and blew up 28 Hamas and Islamic Jihad attack tunnels, beginning in January of 2016. The attacks tunnels are a state secret. Each is manned and maintained by a separate group of ""nokhba"" or ""elite fighters."" Maybe three or even two people in Hamas and Islamic Jihad know where all the tunnels are. But someone went into Gaza, killed the Nokhba, blew up the tunnel, and escaped. Twenty-eight times. Twice they blew up TWO in one day. Hamas did everything to find out how the tunnels were being destroyed. They tortured and murdered the family members of Nokhba, tunnel diggers, and other Hamas units. No answers. Several Nokhba commanders finally defected to Israel, bringing maps with them. Israel herself blew up the 29th tunnel, killing the Islamic Jihad tunnel commander. The tunnel was hundreds of meters into Israel. Islamic Jihad swore revenge--and Hamas stopped them. Israelis are conflicted about violence. The Gulf Cooperation Council isn't. Al-Alami was the go-between for Hamas and Iran? That means the GCC took him out. He's probably already dead, but Hamas is lying. The GCC trained its troops for twelve years before it went to war on a large scale. And there's virtually no video. This is the only known video of Emirati tanks in action in Yemen. These guys can infiltrate anywhere, go through any defenses, and do it all clandestinely. What they're doing is called the Second Revolution in Military Affairs (2RMA). They're strategic special forces. Green Berets with tanks, artillery, gunships, and jet aircraft. Hamas got spoiled fighting Israelis, because the Israelis let the world press determine how wars would be fought. The GCC is totally indifferent to world opinion. AND nobody believes they can do these things anyway, so that's how they get away with it..."
" On October 10, 2015, the Syrian Democratic Forces announced their formation. The members are Kurdish, Arab, and Turkmen. On December 23, 2015, the Syrian Democratic Forces took Tishrin Dam, held by the Islamic State. The dam was heavily booby trapped, and dozens of terrorists guarded it. The SDF took it in broad daylight, in a massively violent assault that killed all the terrorists but didn't damage the dam. The photos show that all the terrorists were killed simultaneously. There's no cover for a mile in all directions around the dam. Only one photo of the assault troops was released. He's wearing Kurdish insignia, but his coveralls are a different pattern than the ones the Syrian Kurds use. Also, Kurds almost always roll up their sleeves. Saudi commandos never roll up their sleeves..."
" After TWO DAYS, an anime addict admits that it's about not being able to deal with real women. Why is that my concern? ALL SOCIAL PATHOLOGY IS MY CONCERN. All untreated pathology GETS WORSE. Ask cops about those with inadequate personality disorder. You know what they do? ""Blitz attacks."" The inadequate personality consumes fantasy-based material that becomes more and more explicit. Anime addicts showed that pattern today. They sent me more and more explicit images of their waifus. By the time they gave up and ran away like the pussies they are, the images were hardcore pornography. See, the inadequate personality gets jaded. He requires more and more graphic stimulation. BUT. NOTHING can compare to a real woman. But he can't DEAL with a real woman. So he launches a ""blitz attack"" on a real woman in order to make her into a doll. He murders her quickly. Then he plays with her. Does anime CAUSE blitz attacks? Absolutely not. But the inadequate personality with a PREDISPOSITION TO VIOLENCE is fueled by the ever-increasing graphic nature of fantasy based material. There are point-of-view video games in which nude women ask men to disembowel them. This OCEAN of pathology makes it more and more likely that people with a predisposition to violence will act on it. ALL of it--manga, anime, and video games--conditions young men to see women as props. Dolls. And THAT'S why it's my concern. We're living in a laboratory of pathology. Only a very small number of men will actually ACT on their predispositions. But they're being CONDITIONED to act. And that should concern EVERYONE..."
" I recommend that everyone read books by Frederick Forsyth. ""The Day of the Jackal"" was the first novel--first novel, not first Forsyth novel--I read. I was seven, so it was rough going, but I reread it several times a year. My favorite Forsyth novel is ""The Fist of God."" It's about Saddam Hussein's ""super cannon."" What you'll discover when you read spy novels by Frederick Forsyth is that spooks NEVER REVEAL THE TRUTH. A lot of you are waiting for something that will never happen. This is why I haven't gone along with the ""good guy, bad guy"" stuff. It's clear to me that Michael Flynn crafted and carried out one of the most brilliant counter-espionage operations in history. He'll never admit to it. If I ever met, I wouldn't ask him about for two reasons: One, he'd never admit to it. And two, it would be disrespectful. Flynn is a spook. You don't ask spooks about their spooking. We've slipped as a culture. TWO successive heads of the United States Naval Special Warfare Command (NSWC) had to write open letters to the men, telling them to stop spilling secrets. I had peripheral contact with a former Navy SEAL. In 2015 I tried to make a documentary about the murders of Ismail, Mohammed, Ahed, and Zakaria Bakr, the four Palestinian boys said to have been killed on the Gaza beach while playing soccer. It was actually a Hamas military deception (MILDEC) operation, which I was able to prove by using all the available video and still photos. The director of the documentary insisted that I find a military expert to confirm my theory. So I reluctantly asked the SEAL. Here's what he said: ""All the former special operators who you'd want in your movie will refuse to appear in it, and all the ones who agree to appear in your movie are the ones you don't want."" See, I ALREADY KNEW THAT. I didn't WANT to ask the SEAL. But the effing director insisted. Even though I never served, I KNOW how things work. It's the same with spooks and counterintelligence operations. Nobody is EVER GOING TO ADMIT TO THINGS. Did you know that some material from D-Day--June 6, 1944--is still classified? You're used to people telling you that refusing to release documents means that there's something nefarious happening. You MADE PEOPLE RICH by believing that horse manure. Someone told me to watch a video in which a manure salesman claimed that the ""FBI threatened the president."" When asked, ""How?"" he smoothly sidestepped the question. Because he's a manure salesman getting rich on credulous customers. This is the most important scene in ""The Caine Mutiny."" It's about the difference between professionals and those who pretend to be. Trump and EVERYONE in his administration are professionals. The rest of us are panicky amateurs who let manure salesmen talk us into mutiny based on stories that hold no water. After I figured out that the Nunes memo is strategic deception, I spent the day watering plants and writing other stuff. I'M NOT A PROFESSIONAL. I leave this stuff to the pros. How smart are the professionals? THIS smart. I never saw this coming. ""The Saudi-led coalition brokered an agreement between the government and the Southern Transitional Council (STC) to diffuse the ongoing tensions in Aden, said the Yemeni military official who spoke on condition of anonymity."" ""'The STC agreed to give the country's Presidency some time to replace the Aden-based government,' the official said, adding that Prime Minister Ahmed Obeid bin Daghr and his cabinet members will not depart from the city."" ""President Abdu-Rabbu Mansour Hadi will declare a new decision in the next days to form a caretaker government, the source said."" You know what crippled our efforts in Iraq? Corruption. The first post-Saddam defense minister was Hazim al-Shaalan. He stole $1billion (B-B-B-BILLION) from us and disappeared. We have been unable to find him. Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan was just as corrupt. AND Karzai folled us into bombing his political rivals, AND he blackmailed us into doing whatever he wanted. On March 26, 2015, The Saudis intervened in Yemen on behalf of President Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi. WELL, GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? Hadi's government took advantage, EXACTLY the way the Iraqis and Afghans did. But the Saudis had a plan. They had armed and trained the South Yemenis to fight the Houthis. But. When Hadi's henchmen achieved peak corruption, the Southern Yemenis stepped in. In Yemen, the Northerners are descended from the traditional ruling class, so they feel that they have a God-given right to be in the driver's seat. They've not treated the Southerners well. So the Saudis quietly trained and armed the Southerners to stand on their own. And now the Southerners have achieved what WE NEVER ACHIEVED IN IRAQ AND AFGHANISTAN: the expulsion of corrupt elements of the government. Wasn't that absolutely brilliant of the Saudis? Oh, and here's the ONLY English-language media outlet reporting this stunning development. This is why I don't give military advice to the Saudis. They're only about 50 million times smarter than I am. I recommend that everyone stop giving Trump advice. He's got this covered..."
" proves that the Obama strategy against the Islamic State was a failure. Bergen uses a body count as his metric. Combined Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve had killed 45,000 terrorists between June of 2014 and August of 2016. In July of 2017, the CJTF had killed an additional 15,000 to 25,000 terrorists. The Obama strategy of killing large numbers obviously didn't work. Bergen describes CJTF preparations for operations. Well, guess what? The military under Obama had TONS of preparations. Obama never signed off on them. Bergen flat-out lies here: ""Enabling ground commanders to more easily carry out operations without having to seek permission up the chain of command..."" ""Are tactical changes -- not strategic game changers."" Laughable. We carried out an air assault of 500+ Arab commandos, landing them behind enemy lines. That was done entirely on the initiative of local commanders. That is a change in STRATEGY. Another change in strategy: The US no longer announces troops deployments. The 1st Cavalry Division 3d Brigade Engineer Battalion ""Beavers"" went to Syria to clear mines and IEDs. The US mainstream press didn't know about it. They were chasing rabbits. Here's something Bergen would NEVER tell you about. CJFLCC-I = Combined Joint Forces Land Component Command - Iraq BPC = Building Partner Capacity A&A = Advise and Assist The quote above was taken from the following publication: But... Evidence of Obama's pathological micromanaging has been removed from the Pentagon Website. THAT is what Peter Bergen won't tell you. It's NOT that Trump himself came up with a strategy. It's that Trump GOT OUT OF THE WAY of our armed forces. Obama hindered them. Trump deserves every victory lap he wants to take. But he's saying this stuff only to wind up Peter Bergen. Trump deserves credit for delegating, something that Obama was always too insecure to do..."
" Well, now I have seen everything. Guess who THESE guys are? No, they're not Turks. Try again. Not Russians. Not Syrians. Not Kurds. Not Chinese. You know who these guys are? Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham, or HTS. Al-Qaeda! Al-Jazeera says that Turkey has asked HTS to disband, and its fighters will be integrated into a united rebel army. My guess is that's what'll happen. See, I'm VIRTUALLY certain--meaning I COULD BE WRONG--that HTS's leader Abu Mohammed al-Julani is a Saudi double agent. Here's al-Julani in Iraq in 2007, in American custody. And here he is in Syria in 2016. I've always said that he doesn't LOOK like a terrorist--especially a high-ranking al-Qaeda terrorist. He was close to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in Iraq, who took two 500-pound bombs to the head. Why was al-Julani released in 2008? I mean, he was allegedly one of the guys who killed thousands of Americans and Iraqis. Al-Julani is THE ONLY jihadist rebel leader left alive in Syria, and he's one of the biggest targets imaginable. HTS has undergone several name changes, and at one time it was allied with the Islamic State. There's no doubt that HTS wiped out pretty much ALL the other jihadist groups. ""Experts"" say it's because HTS wants to be the boss jihadists. But what if HTS was gradually replaced by GCC commandos who did the wiping out? What if al-Julani has been working for the Saudis for years? Al-Julani was head of logistics for Jund al-Sham in Lebanon. Guess what happened to them? After al-Julani started ""helping"" Jund al-Sham, they got their asses kicked everywhere they went, by everybody in Lebanon and Syria, until they disbanded in 2014. Me saying all this wouldn't endanger al-Julani. If he's survived as a Sauid double agent since 2003, it means he's got an entire Special Forces company protect6ing him. When his job is done, he'll ""die"" in an air strike. Syria should've been a cakewalk for the jihadists. Assad's forces were even worse than the poor Iraqi army that disintegrated twice while fighting the Islamic State. Guess which rebel groups have gotten stronger and stronger in Syria? The secular, inclusive ones. The ones who will help rebuild Syria. The REAL jihadists are all pushing up daisies. HTS killed them all. But HTS doesn't kill secular rebels. These villagers rose up and drove HTS out. WITHOUT WEAPONS. Al-Julani gave them an ultimatum: Let us back in, or we'll storm the village and kill everybody. The deadline passed, and al-Julani said words to the effect of, ""Well, screw you guys. I didn't want your stupid village anyway."" Would a hardcore jihadist just walk away like that? All we know for sure is that al-Julani's men killed all the most effective jihadists in Syria. I think he's a double agent, and I think HTS will PROBABLY get ""defeated,"" and al-Julani will ""die."" Wouldn't it be great if all of that were true? The mother of all deception operations. I see no reason why it CAN'T be true..."
" Here's what REALLY DISHONEST people do: They focus on a sentence, a word, or one action, in order to distract from the mountain of evidence disproving their accusation. In the OJ Simpson murder trial, the defense played up totally routine inconsistencies that happen because humans aren't robots. It's clear that the jury went in there, bound and determined to acquit. They deliberated for four hours after 8 months of testimony. The deliberation INCLUDED A LUNCH BREAK. The jurors were chosen because they're imbeciles. The legendary Brenda Moran: ""We've taken this case serious for nine months. It didn't take us nine more months to figure it out. We're not that ignorant."" I saw all their sorry asses on TV, repeating word for word what Johnny Cochran said. But they KNEW Simpson was guilty. They acquitted based on total fabrications. The Sean Hannity interview doesn't contain anything meaningful. ""Oo, look! He said this one sentence!"" This is a guy who slept on sandbags in Vietnam because his men resented him TAKING AWAY THEIR DRUGS. Then he got hung out to dry because he tried to clean up the corrupt judiciary in his county. After he spent all his money running for a judgeship, he was hounded out of town with $300 in his pocket. Kick boxing, Australia, being a cowboy, eking out a living with a small private law practice... Finally he becomes a judge, and he does things that he knows will cost him his job, but he's willing to suffer the consequences. So this is an extraordinarily disciplined, uncompromising man who SOMEHOW isn't a vicious pig. Sure, DISAGREE WITH HIS RELIGIOUS VIEWS. He can take it. But after everything he's been through, he STILL believed that there was a red line that his opponents wouldn't cross. They crossed it, and Moore was unprepared. See, HE doesn't think the way THEY do. And that's why I think he'll make a fine senator. HE has red lines. We need senators like that. He and I won't agree about most stuff, but if he supports the Trump agenda, that's all I care about. His religious beliefs are his to have. If his supporters find his beliefs acceptable, that's how representative democratic republics work..."
" THIS is why the US must stay out of the Middle East's affairs UNLESS WE ARE ASKED. Some of you were upset that Iraq took back Kirkuk from the Kurds. The Iraqis did it in 15 hours, with virtually no bloodshed. This was the situation in 2014. EVERYONE is accusing EVERYONE ELSE of being terrorists. The reality is that each group has traditionally looked out for its own interests. The past is the past. What matters is the FUTURE. The Kurds were going to put up a huge fight for Kirkuk. Iraq's Arab allies used multiple advanced technologies to prevent that fight. It's been said about the Middle East that politics can't be separated from violence. Saudi Arabia is trying to change that. There are liars and propagandists trying to stir up trouble in order to get people killed. This is a lie. The reality is that an Islamic State suicide bomber hit an Iraqi military convoy. Here's the actual video, in its proper context. The suicide bomber. Politics and religion and ethnic tensions made the Middle East a VERY difficult place to stabilize. The Saudis are expending blood and treasure in order to bring peace for EVERYONE. That's why I support Saudi Arabia, and that's why I support President Trump. The locals MUST work it out. And we MUST stay out of the fight unless asked to help..."
" PTSD. As far as I'm concerned, PTSD is not a matter of ""weakness"" but rather a matter of temperament and POSSIBLY training. Last night, the Iraqis took back Kirkuk without a fight. You can agree or disagree, but no blood was spilled. TO ME, it's clear that the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) has created a new form of warfare. In the past, we tried to make war too terrible to fight, we tried ""humane"" war using strict rules of engagement, we tried disarmament. The GCC has invented a new form of warfare that uses deception and highly advanced electronics. The Kurds speaking today all say that they had no idea what was going on. The GCC used social media and the press to create deception. Iraq and the Kurds had been at loggerheads of Kirkuk for three years. Last night, the Iraqis took back the city in 15 hours. Even though new war can be bloodless, new soldiers must be trained. The GCC doesn't show us how they train their men. This is my favorite video of a new soldier. He's in his forties, but he's totally fit. An Iraqi Special Forces captain (right) gives orders to a tank commander. Under stress, both men blow their tops. Watch what the slim man does. First he simply touches the captain's forearm. Then he gently touches the tank commander's back. Then the tank commander and the captain understand each other. The slim man INFUSED both Iraqis with calm. He didn't criticize or snap orders. He just touched. I think the GCC armed forces retrained their troops in what it means to be a man. Men are expected to be strong at all times. So when we crack under the pressure, it makes us feel ashamed. I think if we're trained to be calm and NON-MACHO at all times, we'll be less likely to crack. And that makes us far better able to handle difficulties..."
" THERE WE GO. I'm busy blocking people who stupidly tag me into their conversations about how I'm a ""conspiracy theorist."" But I'll tell you what happened here. Then I'll block you. From January of 2016 until October of 2017, SOMEONE destroyed 28 Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad attack tunnels IN GAZA. That was commando action. It was the Gulf Cooperation Council helping out while Israel developed tunnel-detection technology. Finally Israel tested the new technology. ""A source for the Islamic Jihad militant group said the head of the faction’s armed wing in central Gaza was killed along with a senior associate and other gunmen."" The Israelis killed the TOP COMMANDER of the PIJ Al-Quds Brigades. This is what the Al-Quds Brigades does. So the commander was sent to hell, where he belongs. And now Israel is rolling up her sleeves: ""Israel says it has developed new means which it has declined to disclose, to find tunnels. Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman lauded the breakthrough in an interview on commercial television news, saying they would all be destroyed by the end of the year."" “'By the end of 2018, we will eliminate all the Hamas attack tunnels ... we may even manage to do this sooner, but the task is to destroy them all by the end of the year,' Lieberman said."" The tunnels will be gone LONG before the end of the year. Guaranteed. The Israelis aren't talking about their new technology, so I won't either. But the information is out there. The technology is PROBABLY foolproof. My guess is that the technology that Israel SAID she was developing is a decoy. It's likely that the breakthrough is something completely unknown. Except to Israel and the Gulf Cooperation Council. I'll leave you with this: The technology can be used to find all of Hezbollah's underground facilities. Ha..."
" This is actually a multi-engine aircraft. My guess is it's a transport carrying commandos. This is a cruise missile in flight. Here's the C-17 Globemaster. It appears that the Gulf Cooperation Council is landing commandos. IF--and that's a BIG IF--this is true, it means that Assad will be gone in hours..."
" asks a question. First of all, I think this IS regime change. Americans are impatient people. Just today I saw a tweet that said, ""I'm tired of investigations! I want indictments!"" Well, without investigation, you don't GET indictments. Good investigations take a long time. In 2003, the US and its allies defeated Saddam Hussein's forces in three weeks. How did THAT turn out? The year 2015 changed everything in the Middle East. First, the Iraqis paused in their assault on Mosul in October, and when they resumed two weeks later, they won every battle and continue to do so. In October of 2015, the Syrian Democratic Forces announced their formation. They've won every battle they've fought. In August of 2015, the Saudi-led Coalition in Yemen carried out two very fast ground offensives, and then seemed to do nothing. Now, they're carrying out at least NINE ground offensives simultaneously. Look at Israel's history. Multiple very fast wars. They always won, and there was always another war. Now, we have the possibility of Hezbollah, Hamas, Iran, the Syrian Arab Army, and multiple Shi'ite militias going into the Golan Heights to start ANOTHER war. The key to a successful and relatively bloodless campaign is a VERY long period of preparing the battlefield. Both Mosul and Raqqa were prepared for nine months each. There's a new generation of Middle Easterners who want PERMANENT change, but they retain their culture heritage of patience. This means they can do ANYTHING. They don't want three-week wars, because they understand that this means ANOTHER war in the future. What we're seeing now in Iran is preparing the battlefield. Uprisings all over the country simultaneously, people communicating even when the regime blocks the Internet and apps, AND--most importantly of all--reconnaissance. All the regime's weaknesses are being carefully noted. This isn't at all like previous protests. The size of the protests doesn't matter. The SCOPE matters. The protests are all over the country, in every ethnic and religious group. Iran has a functioning government. ""Regime change"" means the mullahs go, and then the government calls for elections. At that point, the Iranians choose their destiny for themselves. Regime change in Iraq failed for two reasons: the entire government dissolved, and the US brought in Iraqis from the outside. It was doomed. Regime change in Libya failed because all we did was topple Gaddafi. There was no plan whatsoever for the country after Gaddafi. Syria and Iran are very similar: They have functioning governments ruled by brutal dictators. It takes a LONG TIME to convince the government to not flee if the dictators fall. So in Syria and Iran, the DICTATORS will be removed, but the government will stay and then call for elections. That's the endgame of those HELPING. The Syrians and Iranians will then choose their own form of government, and the region will accept it. The only requirement is that countries not sponsor terrorism. So if westerners can learn to be as patient as Middle Easterners, we'll be able to see what's actually happening in the region..."
" Fantasy versus reality. First, fantasy. There are ""patented devices"" embedded in ""government networks"" that allow Clinton Foundation donors and Greek Life associates of George H. W. Bush and Wilbur Ross to bet on body counts of school shootings. That needs no further commentary. It speaks for itself. On to reality. ""The Yemeni army revealed on Thursday that 40 Houthi leaders were killed in the province of Hajjah in northwest Yemen last January during clashes and raids by the Arab coalition forces."" ""Yemen’s national army has succeeded during the past two days in causing major damages in the ranks of the Houthi militias after targeting their weaponry with artillery and shelling a number of positions."" Here's what's happening in Yemen. Commandos infiltrate and identify Houthi leaders. These men are then taken out with air strikes. The Saudi-led coalition uses bombs filled with cement. This way the wife and child sitting next to the commander is untouched. So while Americans are indulging themselves in ridiculous scenarios that North Korean filmmakers would reject as too insane, the REALITY of what's happening is ignored. The late Yemeni dictator Al Abdullah Saleh fought the Houthis from 1994 to 2011, laying waste to much of Yemen in the process. The Saudis began their war against the Houthis on March 26, 2015. But THAT was an air war. Then in August of 2015, the Saudi-led Coalition carried out two lightning-fast ground offensives. After liberating Aden in the south and Marib in the eastern center of the country, nothing seemed to happen. For over two years. ""It's the Saudis' Vietnam!"" all the ""military experts"" said. No. I'll tell you what the Coalition did during those two years. They made digital maps of all their targets. Ground and air assets mapped everything. The US Air Force said it took nine months each to prepare the Iraqi city of Mosul and the Syrian city of Raqqa for liberation. The Islamic State had turned each city into a fortress. In the Second Battle of Fallujah (November 7 to December 23, 2004), the US Marines found that entire houses had been turned into bombs. The terrorists dragged concrete Jersey barriers into houses and used them as cover for machine-gun positions. All the streets were booby trapped, so the Marines went on the roofs. When they tried jumping from roof to roof, they found that the terrorists had knocked out the roofs and put sharpened stakes in the houses. This was 2004, so the Marines used 2004 technology. This was 2004, so the Marines used 2004 technology. ""They've got a fortified bunker in there."" So there was a firefight in almost every house. The psychological toll on our troops was incalculable. NOW, our allies have technology that allow them to create 3D maps of every building in a city. They also use synthetic aperture radar (SAR) to see through walls. In Mosul and Raqqa, the Islamic State ALSO had hundreds of thousands of human shields. THIS is where the Trump Doctrine came in. The Trump Doctrine is to HELP when asked, and to allow the locals to do the heavy lifting. Our Marines can't pass as terrorists. GCC commandos can. And THAT was how the cities of Mosul and Raqqa were liberated without killing enormous numbers of civilians. GCC commandos simply grew out their hair and beards and didn't bathe. Then they went behind enemy lines and killed the terrorists by walking right up to them. The combination of MASSIVELY advanced technology and MASSIVE testicular and ovarian fortitude is what's winning these wars. Yes, the GCC is using female commandos in combat. They also use elderly men and women, as well as men and women who appear to be children. I'm embarrassed for people who think that ""false flags"" are real. What's happening in the Middle East would blow your mind if you just studied it. Have you noticed that ALL the fantasies you see on social media are NEGATIVE? Well, the REALITY of what's happening is 100 percent POSITIVE. The people freeing the Middle East by taking such incredible chances are doing so for the good of ALL OF US. The Middle East is now a laboratory where the tools of liberation are perfected. We live in an incredible era. Reality is FAR more amazing than childish fantasy... ADDENDUM: I forgot to add that after two years of battlefield preparation, the Yemenis and the coalition partners are now carrying out SEVENTEEN simultaneous ground offensives. I'm the only who's counted the offensives. Seventeen simultaneous ground offensives is without precedent, regardless of the size of each offensive. Absolutely amazing..."
" A reminder, brought to you by . Berkeley, April 15, 2017. Antifa threw more than FIFTY explosive devices at free-speech supporters. Antifa also committed at least three attempted murders with bike locks, brass knuckles, and a dagger. In the midst of all that, men were collecting DNA samples. The bald, older man in the green T-shirt on the left got a text message. Antifa was moving the dumpster into position for something. We don't know what. A man with a long ponytail tried to shake hands with the Antifa leader, who refused. The Antifa leader was being identified for photographers AND it was psychological warfare. ""BILLY! How the heck are ya?"" ""I'M NOT BILLY! GO AWAY!"" Antifa moved the dumpster into position, and then the man with the ponytail positioned his team by pointing. The man in the green T-shirt went into an Antifa member's face, filming him up close. Since Antifa are simpleminded terrorist animals, the guy being filmed reacted the way the team wanted: He charged the man in the green T-shirt. Looks are deceiving. The man in the green T-shirt put his camera in his left hand and pulled off the Antifa member's goggles, bandana, and helmet. From the other angle. This was choreographed perfectly. Green shirt got out of the way, two men moved in to cover him, and the bald guy in the foreground ran over and got the helmet. From the other angle. So DNA was harvested from this guy. My guess is he's a cop. Looks a little too old and a little too squared away for Antifa. Remember, they were trying to provoke the other side into committing murder. See Green Shirt's left hand? He's holding something hidden under the jacket. Then he holds the jacket up to his chest, but his hand is empty. He puts his cellphone in his left hand. He's using his forearm to clamp to his chest whatever is under the jacket. Antifa were sitting ducks. The pros went after them. I told someone yesterday to not underestimate the seriousness of Trump and his allies. They are the real thing. They will totally f*ck you up..."
" OH MY GOD. Pretty amazing what blowing up 29 attack tunnels and killing all someone's ""elite fighters"" will do. This is a lesson in bad-assery. Hamas thought it was badass because it MURDERED UNARMED CIVILIANS. Hamas used human shields. You know why Hamas quit? Someone gave them a talking-to. WHO? A bunch of kids. Bad-assery comes in many forms. The baddest of all badasses are those who SAVE OTHERS. Time to hang up ALL your suspicions about Saudi Arabia. They're totally sincere. We owe them more than we can ever repay..."
" Syria. Two tweets from . Trump has received verification that Assad's forces conducted the attack. Otherwise he wouldn't have tweeted this. Assad fights the way his father did: He surrounds cities and bombards them from the air and with artillery until they surrender. People ask, ""Why would Assad use chemical weapons if he were winning?"" You answered your own question. Syria is an incredibly complicated situation. Assad is Iran's slave, so he does what they order to him to do. Beginning in 2012, the Saudis began attaching commandos to rebel groups while pretending to simply arm these people. The weapons were too sophisticated for rebels to use. It had to be commandos firing them. Little by little, the combat videos were replaced with men firing into empty buildings. Both Assad's side and the jihadist rebels were putting out fake videos. What happened was that the GCC took over rebel groups, leaving only actors. Assad's side was allowed to ""liberate"" areas in strictly controlled operations that were actually PR exercises. The GCC was watching closely. The goal is to give all sides ""street cred"" for the post-Assad Syria. If the Assad GOVERNMENT stays after Assad goes, there can be a smooth transition of power. The mullahs know what's going on. So they order these attacks to disrupt the GCC plans and to show everyone who's boss. The mullahs are counting on a retaliation that they can ride out. Then they can say, ""See? We defied the entire world? So you'd better obey us if you know what's good for you."" Therefore Trump and the GCC will do something that the mullahs aren't expecting. Since Trump said that Russia will pay a price, it's likely that most of their air fleet in Syria will be destroyed. I used to want to be a novelist. You know which of your novels is the most important? The second one. If you can produce a successful second novel AFTER a successful first novel, it means that publishers can now see that you have more than one idea. So being ready with a second novel is a good way of landing a publishing contract. Our missile attack on Shayrat Air Base and our destruction of the Russian assault battalion were both first novels. One for Assad-Iran, and one for Putin. So Assad-Iran and Putin are now saying, ""Good first novel. Where's your SECOND novel, huh?"" Trump and the GCC's response to THIS chemical attack will convince everybody that they're dealing with successful novelists. People with more than one idea in them. Most of the retaliation will be clandestine. But I expect it to be unprecedented. Trump has given himself no leeway on this. His wording is very interesting. Trump says OBAMA should have CROSSED his ""Red Line in The Sand."" So I think Trump is talking about some kind of ground action. In 2010, the Saudis offered to use ground forces to take care of Hezbollah and Assad, if we provided air and logistical support. Obama refused. So my guess is that we're going to help the Muslim Coalition carry out some major ground action. Maybe in Syria, Lebanon, and Iran simultaneously... ADDENDUM: The Russians launched a preemptive propaganda campaign, claiming that the US would carry out ""false flags"" to blame on Assad. One of the reasons Trump was being so friendly to Putin was to lull him into complacency. The Russians therefore played their hand too early. Now they'll pay for that overconfidence..."
" A Trump hater is angry that presents a different side of those who support Trump. I'll tell you something: is a touchstone. A touchstone is ""a standard or criterion by which something is judged or recognized."" I judge AND recognize, based on how people react to Trump. Trump is also a diagnostic tool. In the Trump Era, people have become infants. They want 100 percent of what they want. If they don't get it, then they hate, pout, and throw tantrums. ABC has a smash show that features a Trump supporter as the star. NOT GOOD ENOUGH! Madness. Have you ever heard of John Rabe? John Rabe PERSONALLY saved tens of thousands of Chinese in Nanking. This middle-aged diabetic went out every night--alone and unarmed--and dove into crowds of Japanese soldiers committing war crimes. He'd pull the Chinese person or people to safety. They made a very accurate movie. John Rabe was Nazi. There's no evidence that he hated Jews. Rabe worked for the Siemens company. To get promoted, you had to be a Nazi. When Rabe was transferred back to Germany, he brought with him evidence of Japanese atrocities. After Rabe went public, the Gestapo visited him. Siemens transferred him to Afghanistan for his safety. After the war, Rabe was imprisoned by the Soviets and then the British. As a former Nazi, he was prohibited from working. He survived on care packages from the people of Nanking. Rabe was wiped out financially by de-Nazification, which required that he pay his own legal expenses. The family lived on garbage and various wild seeds and berries. Rabe died in 1950. The Chinese remember him. ""He saved tens of thousands of people."" ""SO WHAT! He was a NAZI! He should burn in HELL!"" Madness. Madness... ADDENDUM: Just stop with ""Shapiro doesn't hate Trump."" He uploaded this four months ago. "
" Mueller and his staff went after the real stuff, and it led them to the Clintons, the DNC, etc. Mueller was appointed to investigate RUSSIAN interference. Sessions had recused himself, and Mueller hired only Clinton supporters. What the chattering class didn't count on was two things: Trump did nothing wrong. And people who supported Clinton IN GOOD FAITH can be trusted to investigate fairly. The Democrats can't say this was a witch hunt, the way they did with Bill Clinton. People ACTUALLY EXPECTED Mueller to announce that Trump was a Russian puppet. Also, the Democrats didn't bother to hide their tracks. Hillary had a 98 percent chance of winning, remember? So the Dems are sunk. All they can do is swallow this bitter pill and hope that they survive as a party."
" The massive investigation into the crimes of the Obama administration is virtually unknown. We're getting peeks, but the reason the DOJ and FBI aren't handing over documents to blathering congress-things and self-aggrandizing ""watchdogs"" is that we have all-encompassing investigations going. At the end of 2017, the Pentagon revealed ""multiple ground operations"" in Yemen. Nobody had a clue. Nothing leaked. We're helping the Sahel nations wipe out terrorists. The Cameroonian Rapid Response Battalion has all but exterminated Boko Haram. It's still there, but before Trump took office, those guys were massacring entire villages. Because of Obama and Hillary, Libya ended up with TWO GOVERNMENTS that the ""international community"" both supported and opposed. An absolute clusterf*ck. The Trump administration is quietly helping those two governments merge into one. North Korea has no idea what to do. THEY were always in driver's seat. The USS Jimmy Carter carried out two combat missions in the Pacific in 2017. No leaks. The Saudis integrated the US armed forces into their highest level of classified activities. No other president was able to get us there. I live right between Vandenberg and Edwards Air Force Bases. LOTS of air traffic between them and then out over the Pacific. More than in the last 30 years. And MANY weird sonic booms. My theory is that our people are learning to fly THIS. I'm positive that it's piloted, because it would be FUN. So domestically and globally, 90 percent of what Trump is doing is unseen..."
" Okay. The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) is in deep trouble. They sent out this tweet. Translation. Another translation. Then the IRGC deleted the tweet. Armed forces use color codes for all their bullets. A bullet is ball (regular), tracer, armor piercing, incendiary, and so on. This is the color coding that the US armed forces uses. The bullet tips are painted these colors. MILITARY bullets looks like this. The Iranian armed forces use the AMERICAN color-coding system. These are NOT military cartridges. They are civilian cartridges. See the dark band around the base of each cartridge? Chinese Norinco steel-cored bullets. Another hollow threat made by the IRGC. That photo was almost certainly taken by an American gun collector, because the ammunition is now very valuable. This means the Iranian people are WINNING... ADDENDUM: The ammunition in question is called ""Norinco yellow box."" It was banned in the US, which is why it's now valuable. "
" Keep in mind that the mullahs' regime lies about what's happening. They admit to armed ""protesters"" storming police stations. The concrete blockhouse at the gate of the police station was hit with a .50-caliber high explosive incendiary armor-piercing (HEIAP) bullet. It was a warning shot. The bullet hit high over the heads of anyone inside the blockhouse. A sniper fired that round. My guess is that the cops immediately released the prisoners. Police stations and Basij bases all over the country are being attacked and burned down, but there are almost no casualties. The videos never show the BEGINNING of the attacks. In Syria, the Air Force Academy was attacked. All the cadets were allowed to leave after they turned in their ID cards. The goal was NOT to kill these conscripts but to make them walk away. It appears that the same thing is happening in Iran. A single HEIAP bullet piercing the wall over your head would likely convince you to go home and let others deal with the issue..."
" asks about . I don't know Comey, of course. And there isn't much we actually know about everything that happened. Comey's statement on why he didn't recommend charges against Hillary? It's self-explanatory: He didn't believe they'd get a conviction. And he was right. There's no way in the world that a jury would've convicted Hillary. I'm positive that she'll never be convicted of ANY crime. See, I've sat on multiple juries. They were disasters. Prosecutors now talk about the ""CSI effect."" You're supposed to convict if you believe the person guilty BEYOND A REASONABLE DOUBT. Well, TV-addled juries are now demanding NO DOUBT WHATSOEVER. Throw in celebrity, and there's no way Hillary will be convicted for anything. I've been on juries where the jurors folded their arms and refused to deliberate. Hung juries for no reason other than the loser got to be powerful for once in his life. The rest of the Comey stuff is too muddled to know whjat's real and what isn't. Comey's a smart guy. He has a good sense of humor. I don't think it's possible that he enjoys being followed by rabid maniacs full of totally irrational hate. On the other hand, I'm sure he has disdain for the rabid whatever-you'd-call-them, these bizarre Trump ""supporters"" who do nothing but bitch about the ""deep state"" drugging Trump. Say what you will about Comey, he was the DIRECTOR OF THE FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION. He's the real deal. A Big Dog. These guys don't tweet very much, if at all. The only other Big Dog who trolls on Twitter? Trump. I think this clip is very revealing. Comey was all the way on the other side of the room, and this was when the knives were REALLY coming out for Trump. Remember what everyone was saying? Comey was going to TAKE TRUMP DOWN! So here's the First Responders ceremony, and Trump sees Comey and calls him over. Some people said that was Trump showing Comey who was boss. I disagree. I think it was two guys--two REALLY Big Dogs--trolling everybody because they both have fearless, absurdist senses of humor. Look at Trump. What the HECK?! Then Trump BOWS, and he says, ""James, come on."" You know what that scene is like? And I'm sure both Trump and Comey have seen the movie: The wedding massacre in Monty Python's Search for the Holy Grail. Trump is going, ""Come on James. Let's not fight!"" ""Let's not quibble over who killed who. This is a HAPPY occasion!"" First Comey totally cracks up. He has to duck his head to hide his smile. And look at that LONG first step. I think Comey's smile is saying, ""I can't believe you had the balls to do this."" He's ACTUALLY SHAKING HIS HEAD. When you're REALLY SMART, and you have a wacky sense of humor, it's really nice to meet kindred spirits. Trump is doing unprecedented things as president, social-media-wise. Why couldn't the former head of the FBI? The two Big Dogs didn't plan out anything. There's isn't a specific OPERATION taking place. But I'm sure Comey and Trump fully understand each other. The best thing WE can do is not worry about it. Trump's in no danger. Social media gives us a false sense of immediacy and intimacy. Don't let that happen. Trump and Comey are at the top of Mount Everest, in terms of politics and intrigue. We're at a base camp 29,000 feet below, watching THEM climb. We're not climbers, and we need to always remember that. So I recommend you relax. This is a show. Trump will be fine..."
" fills his diapers. But. Hysteria does not change reality. These are chips of the rock that hit Mustafa Tamimi. The Border Guard inside the vehicle has not fired his grenade launcher. There's no smoke coming from the barrel (red arrow). The green arrow shows a large rock in midair. This may be what struck Tamimi. This image shows the puff of smoke from the grenade launcher muzzle. The grenade that was just fired (green arrow) is PASSING OVER Tamimi. Palestinians killed Mustafa Tamimi, but the IDF took the blame, because Israelis ALWAYS let the world push them around. But these are chips of rock. In midair. Tamimi was killed with a rock thrown by a Palestinian with a sling. Save your screeching. I'm immune..."
" We may be getting close. ""Escalating matters far beyond previous scenes of nationwide protests in 2009 and 1999 is the clear reference made by Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei to the party behind these rallies."" ""As well as Washington and London, Khamenei blamed the violence on Israel, exiled dissident group People’s Mujahedin of Iran and ‘a wealthy government’ in the Gulf, a probable reference to Iran’s regional rival, Saudi Arabia."" ""Khamenei mentioning the Iranian opposition People’s Mojahedin Organization of Iran (PMOI/MEK) is of quite significance, indicating the main source of his regime’s concerns."" ""The Iranian people no longer fear in expressing their true feelings, seen in the nationwide slogan of 'Death to Khamenei.'"" ""Unlike previous uprisings, these demonstrations are mushrooming across the country, reaching over 130 cities and towns, according to activists."" ""From the second day of this uprising protesters have shown their overcoming of prior fears through responding to the security forces’ attacks and quelling."" ""Various campaigns, including a Twitter hashtag (I’m not a Basiji), reveal the regime’s woes, as a growing number of Revolutionary Guards Basij paramilitary members are seen joining the protesters’ ranks."" ""Iran is showing a major vulnerability in its intolerance of social media platforms."" ""In far contrast to 2009, the U.S. administration is powerfully standing alongside the Iranian people."" Read the rest. It's a very optimistic piece, but it's optimism based on EVIDENCE. This is the point very few people grasp: ""Even the smallest protest rally bears the power of a massive demonstration by reigniting hope in people’s hearts and stretching the regime’s resources, making it incapable of delivering the response it needs to quell this ongoing uprising."" THAT is what we've been seeing. NOT a massive uprising that will lead to many dead. We're seeing small teams lighting fires all over the country. AND. We're seeing a VERY sophisticated disinformation campaign. The security forces show up in force...and nobody's there. Money and manpower are wasted, and the security forces get demoralized and complacent. Posted 35 minutes ago: Police and Basij versus women shouting ""Death to the dictator."" And look: A protester embraces the officer (right) as the crowd applauds. When the people and the regime's security forces are NO LONGER enemies, the regime falls. Peacefully..."
" ""Pakistan President Mamnoon Hussain said it was the first time Chinese troops participated in a parade in a foreign country."" And we also have THIS. My guess is that the Saudis, the Chinese, and the US neutralized the KPA leadership so that Kim Jong-un could take these historic steps. Kim remains in power, BUT he no longer has to prove himself to the ruling elite. In fact he's protected. We dropped off commandos by submarine, and others came in from China. Yeah. That's what happened..."
" Such a great opportunity to talk about...VETERANS! The tweet above was in response to me saying that the Japanese are a racist culture. I lived in Tokyo for five years. So, let's talk about getting tough: As we know, the US interned Japanese-Americans during World War II. In 1943, the US Army organized the 442nd Regimental Combat Team. It consisted of 2686 volunteers from Hawaii and 1500 volunteers from the US mainland. The 442nd fought in Italy and became the most-wounded, most-decorated unit in the history of the US Army. Of the original 4186, a total of 800 were killed in combat. They were awarded seven unit citations, 21 Medals of Honor, 4,000 Purple Hearts, 29 Distinguished Service Crosses, 588 Silver Stars, and more than 4,000 Bronze Stars. The Hawaiians and mainlanders hated each other. The mainlanders called the Hawaiians ""Buddhaheads. The Hawaiians called the mainlanders ""Katonks."" ""Katonk"" was the sound a mainlander's head made hitting the wooden barrack floor after a Hawaiian knocked him out. Our best unit ever. Motto: ""Go for broke!"" Nobody's victims."
" The tweet. The guy who sent it. The photos of his family show VERY nervous, unhappy people. This guy's entire life is cartoons, TV, his cat, eggs, and politics. Absolutely NOBODY is supervising him..."
" Of course I've never met . I use only open sources to figure out what he's doing. Now, we've gotten our wall, and the North Koreans are going to talk to us. The next issue is Iran. President Trump is a student of military history, so he understands strategic operations. I'm now convinced that the mullahs and Hezbollah will be neutralized simultaneously. This will require incredible skill, but we HAVE that skill, and so do our allies. Let's look back at what Secretary Mattis said about North Korea. ""The combined allied militaries now possess the most precise, rehearsed and robust defensive and offensive capabilities on Earth."" Who was Mattis talking about? NATO? The Japanese? South Korea? My guess is that the people who helped us neutralize North Korea's nuclear program have last names that begin with ""al-"". And there were also lots of ""Cohens"" and ""Levys."" Our OTHER allies are experts in dithering. Sending people into North Korea is not a mission for people who dither. Using Rods From God is not a mission for people who dither. Trump and our non-dithering allies are going to take care of the mullahs in ways that hearken back to World War II, when commanders and soldiers didn't worry about what teenage marchers thought. What I hope I can impress upon you is that we HAVE the will, the means, and the skills to do all of this without making stock markets crash or cause rioting in the streets. Desert Storm and Operation Iraqi Freedom Phase I were televised, from the buildup to the conclusion. Trump and our non-dithering allies won't put on a show. The Houthis just first SEVEN ballistic missiles at Saudi Arabia, and Hamas fired rockets at Israel. It COULD be that the operations against the mullahs and Hezbollah have already begun. I thought that the omnibus spending bill was intended to TRAIN our people, but it could be that the bill is for REPLENISHING STOCKS after we use them. In other words, it could be that everything has already started. The Iranians are...dancing. ""Dance of Tribal Elders in Tehran."" Freedom Messenger uses the red dot to highlight important videos. The US military has already carried out operations that would've been impossible under other presidents. This. The real target was the Pakistani ISI Covert Action Division. We may have killed most of them. The USS Jimmy Carter carried out two combat missions in the Pacific in 2017. They flew the Jolly Roger to signify success. And we annihilated a Russian ground unit in Syria, killing or wounding every single man. What do all three of these actions have in common? All three actions were carried out against nuclear powers. Their nuclear weapons were worthless. So don't kid yourself: The mullahs and Hezbollah WILL be defeated. The operation may have already begun..."
" What's the ONE THING that the Trump administration has not suffered? Catastrophic intelligence leaks. THAT is all due to Michael Flynn. As National Security Advisor, he assembled a team of DIA spooks and civilians who've NEVER EVEN BEEN PHOTOGRAPHED. When H.R. McMaster ""fired"" them, they all kept their Top Secret / Compartmented Sensitive Intelligence (TS/CSI) security clearances. So they found and stopped ALL the leakers in the Intelligence Community. And then to expose and destroy the corrupt FISA process, Flynn had himself indicted. BUT. They got him on only ""process charges."" Lying. They found no evidence of actual criminality, because he NEVER COMMITTED ANY CRIMES. He tricked the corrupt FBI and DOJ elements into spying on him, and then he lied when he didn't have to SO THAT he would be be indicted. His actions took out FISC judge Rudolph Contreras, FBI Deputy Assistant Director of the Counterintelligence Division Peter Strzok, and FBI lawyer Lisa Page. I'm also pretty sure that FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe resigned because of Flynn. We're told that McCabe resigned because of the Horowitz investigation. Possibly. Partially? Nobody on the face of the earth expected that a guy would GET HIMSELF INDICTED in order to bring down the house of cards. But it was the only sure way. I don't know General Flynn. I've never spoken to him. But I've studied him. He's without question the kind of person who would get himself indicted in order to essentially save the country. After his family, all he cares about is the country. And surfing. My guess is he's the greatest spook in history. We'll never know, because he'll never admit to it..."
" Horse manure. Trump is screwing with the press. This is from September of last year. The US military is struggling to pay for even the basics. Trump wouldn't demand an ostentatious display our might. He'd SAY he's going to demand it, but he knows that the military has other priorities. Another dumbass story for dumbass reporters to glom onto in their pathological lust to discredit Trump..."
" Here's how I myself see all of this: I was totally apolitical until I was thirty years old. Being a history major, I felt that politics was irredeemably dirty. In 1992 I voted for Bill Clinton because his intelligence impressed the hell out of me. I knew he couldn't--or WOULDN'T--keep his pants on, but TO ME, that described all politicians. I voted for Clinton again, but only because I felt that Bob Dole was utterly incompetent. Then it was Bush, who made me apolitical again. Bush let me down in too many ways to count. I voted for McCain, but only because he wasn't Obama. But after Bush did the amnesty thing TWICE, I gave up on politics again. I lost all respect for all pundits on all sides LONG before they all lost their marbles over Trump. I wasn't going to vote anymore. and are the only two reasons I voted in 2016. AND they and their allies are the only reason I'm now 100 percent optimistic. I knew when Trump was elected that VERY few people understood how radical he is and how radical his strategies are. Trump's first challenge was the Jill Stein recount. Remember: Soros had a meeting with donors, Stein, and Michael Moore, and Moore said they had a plan to stop Trump. Soros's plan was to DELAY the electoral votes of Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. This would've caused the election to be throw to the House of Representatives. See how Republicans are behaving right now? They would've elected Hillary. No doubt whatsoever. So I was genuinely worried--for one day. Virtually nobody noticed THIS: Now think about this: Soros and all the donors get together and hatch a plan, but they miss the deadline for Pennsylvania. How was that possible? There's one ONE ANSWER: Trump had an agent in the meeting, and this agent fed everybody the wrong information. Soros isn't going to look up dates. Someone heard the plan and ON THE SPOT gave them all the wrong date. So while everyone was losing their minds, I knew that Trump had already won. But THEN it got even better. Pennsylvania was a deception. Giving Soros the wrong date wasn't the ACTUAL plan. Here was the ACTUAL plan: Michigan certified and sent in its electoral votes immediately, LONG before the deadline. Fastest certification in US history. Revealed in court AFTER THE FACT. Not leaked. The Michigan electoral votes put Trump over 270. The recount was a plan to delay the votes. By getting the Michigan votes certified instantly, Trump defeated the entire Soros operation effortlessly. I sat here in AWE. This was FAR BEYOND 4-D chess. You can't CONCEIVE of the intellect required to pull off something like that. So since the recount, every criticism of Trump has sounded like this to me. Being disappointed in people for not getting Trump is like being disappointed in cats for not being able to pilot aircraft. The EVIDENCE of Trump's astonishing skill is there for EVERYONE to see. I use Trump as a touchstone. If people don't get him, I lose interest in them. There's nothing more gratifying than meeting someone who understands Trump. He's our shared secret, hidden in plain sight..."
" Let's nip a despicable lie in the bud. Sergeant La David Johnson WAS SPECIAL FORCES. He's wearing the beret flash of the 3rd Special Forces Group. His maroon beret means he's former Airborne. On his left breast, he wears a US Army parachutist qualification badge. On his right breast, he has a Canadian parachutist qualification badge. Thus he was a fully qualified paratrooper. Stop with the lies... ADDENDUM: He was a member of a Battalion Support Company, 3rd Special Forces Group. "
" Idée fixe: ""Ban assault weapons and all will be well!"" Reality: Most mass shootings are domestic violence. One-third of mass shooters were prohibited from owning firearms. So much for a ban. The overwhelming majority of mass shootings are carried out with semiautomatic pistols. See? Anti-gun people DON'T EVEN BOTHER TO INFORM THEMSELVES. And an ""assault weapon"" is a firearm capable of fully automatic or semiautomatic fire. Semiautomatic. Fully automatic. You're just spooling out empty talking points, Susan. You got on the bandwagon without knowing anything about the topic. I want a REAL solution. You're wasting my time..."
" NEVER doubt me. Remember I told you that I thought the Lebanese government had defeated Hezbollah? Here's the proof. ""Since Hezbollah’s entry into the war in Syria in 2012, data drawn from death announcements shows that the geographical distribution of martyr hometowns has shifted away from the Beirut area..."" ""And increasingly into the areas Nasrallah mentioned: the Baalbek-Hermel Governorate in the northern and central Bekaa valley."" What does it mean? Well, it means that Hezbollah can't recruit from Beirut anymore. Residents of Beirut and the Baabda District comprise 11 percent of Lebanon's Shia. So we can see that Beirut was liberated from Hezbollah. That's why the US began transferring advanced weaponry to the Lebanese Army. Beirut is free. Hezbollah doesn't pose a threat there. How was it done? Nobody's talking. So Iran is being hit from all directions. Hezbollah is in trouble. The Houthis are swirling the drain. This is one of NINE simultaneous ground offensives in Yemen. Did anyone see the movie ""Westworld""? The best scene is when black-clad technicians come out at night to collect the robots and make repairs. It's a totally eerie scene. Nobody speaks. They all know what to do. That's what's happening all over the Middle East. The secret technicians are making repairs. Soundlessly. Invisibly..."
" Here's how I do things. I'm a big supporter of . Judging by his public statements, the general and I disagree about the root cause of jihadist terrorism. We're probably 180 degrees off from each other. The general spent 33 years in the US Army. He headed the Defense Intelligence Agency. It would never even occur to me to argue with him. If I had coffee with the general, we'd begin by talking about surfing, which is something I don't understand. I don't understand the physics. HOW do people surf? How do they do they go down a ""pipeline""? From that point, the conversation would take whatever twists and turns it would. My guess is we wouldn't spend much time at all on our areas of disagreement. I had some people try the creaky old gambits on me earlier. I challenged them, and they pissed right off. This is a new era. I like new thinking. I'm tired of the same old talking points. Disagreement doesn't mean anything to me. AGREEMENT is what I like. Also, I like growth and improvement. I hate stagnation. So if you come at me with something you've been chanting for 16 years, you're not going to get anywhere. UP YOUR GAME. required ME to up MY game. If I can do it, any of YOU can do it too..."
"TAKE TWO: Propaganda. We're all susceptible. What I do is put things in the ""Open"" file until I can prove them one way or another. Example: Leftists and rightists think this is James Comey's personal twitter account. Both sides think Comey is sending out messages that Trump will be arrested or somehow removed from office. Comey is allegedly on the road. This is the latest image from the ""Comey"" account. Digital images have ""metadata."" I put that image into an online metadata finder. It says that the image was created on July 7, 2017. So this is just somebody ""winding up"" the crowd, as the British would say. It never occurred to people that someone would FAKE a Comey account, I guess. But it's making national news, and people are convincing themselves that this TWITTER ACCOUNT means something. How is the average person supposed to know what's real what isn't? Occam's Razor. The simplest answer is almost always the correct one. Just keep that in mind... ADDENDUM: This SECOND attempt at making a thread appears to have worked, so I'll delete the first one, which Twitter ""broke."" ADDENDUM TWO: sends me a link. Reading the piece, it APPEARS that the ""confession"" is this photo. So I read THIS article: Following their advice, I went to this Website: The result is that the image was created July 7, 2017. The ""embedded ICC header"" can't be changed. Whatever is happening, Comey isn't going to ""take out Trump."" He SHOULD run for president, though, with a woman under five feet tall. Wouldn't that be great? "
" America, how did we come to this? Why can't we think anymore? Don't you understand what this girl is saying? The mass murderer pulled the fire alarm and emptied at least one rifle. Then he blended in with the crowd. This girl walked with him. He pretended that he WASN'T the mass murderer. Eyewitnesses identified him to the cops by name and by clothing: maroon shirt and black pants. Here is the mass murderer under arrest. This is the bag that he used to bring his arsenal of weapons to the school. The cops removed it and put it in the bed of a pickup. This is ANOTHER open-and-shut case. Let me point out something to you: Let's say you meet somebody, and all he ever says is ""Green!"" What's your name? ""Green!"" Are you hungry? ""Green!"" When somebody always says the same thing, no matter what, it's EXACTLY the same as saying NOTHING. Those of you who say the Rothschilds carried out a false diarrhea attack are saying nothing, because that's what you ALWAYS SAY. Regardless of the evidence, you ALWAYS say, ""Rothschild false diarrhea attack!"" It's an utterly thoughtless ritual now. ""Ban guns!"" is a thoughtless ritual too. The yin and the yang of nonfunctional brains. California has the worst teachers in the country, but we don't have mass shootings, because our school districts all have ARMED POLICE. Don't you get it? When someone wants to commit mass murder, you don't LOVE HIM out of it. He's too far gone. California has armed cops at the schools to PREVENT VIOLENCE. The Florida mass murderer was expelled for death threats. But nothing was done to stop him from carrying THROUGH on his death threats. I therefore conclude that the school was indifferent to the lives of its students. And so are leftists who instantly began using this atrocity to score political points. Your wet dream of a gun-free America is never going to happen. Gun ownership is a CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT, and you will NEVER have enough votes to amend the Constitution. So stop fantasizing. The way to stop mass shootings is by retraining your children to not value fame over EVERYTHING. Until society changes, put armed cops at the schools. Like they do in Marxist California..."
" There are multiple defenses. When they're automated, reaction time doesn't matter. The one we KNOW about is the RIM-116 Rolling Airframe Missile (RAM). The Israelis developed the Trophy Active Protection System for tanks. It can intercept a rocket-propelled grenade fired from six feet away. A video from Yemen shows that the Saudis have some form of automated active protection system on their aircraft. This missile was intercepted. The aircraft was NOT shot down. It returned to base. Finally, even a CIWS could destroy a Sunburn, because the Phalanx is automated... "
" TWITTER BUSTED. You will LOVE this, First, a tweet. Then I get a warning. And what is that offensive content, you ask? Here you go. OFFENSIVE CONTENT, according to Twitter. Retweet far and wide, my friends. You can't make this up... ADDENDUM: Yes, I know that ""Lush Rimbaugh"" is not Rush Limbaugh. That's not the point of the tweets. Stop being idiots. UP YOUR GAME... ADDENDUM TWO: "
" Someone told me that I have to be upset that Martin Sellner is being detained in the UK. ""Europa"" is what white supremacists call it. And he's got a Waffen SS haircut. See? I'm not the right guy to come to for outrage about this. My mother was Mexican, and my heroes are Arabs. Very soon, my next heroes will be Persians. Race doesn't mean anything to me. Besides, Sellner is talking about EUROPOID white people. He says RACE, but he means CULTURE. Muslims are putting up videos on YouTube that would make Sellner say, ""Isn't that a little harsh?"" I won't link to them, because they're BEYOND harsh. I would tell Sellner what I told a young Mexican kid twenty years ago. ""Shave your and get tattooed, and then sit back and watch NO JOB OFFERS come in, AND watch every REAL gangster maddog you."" If you want to be associated visually with the Waffen SS, you're going to get reactions. Some of those reactions will not be positive. Europe is backsliding. The need to pick a middle ground between wars of conquest and abject surrender. What happened to the Age of REASON...?"
" asks a question. This is actually the finale of DECADES of planning. The Middle East has had problem for longer than most regions. It's a combination of self-imposed problems and interference from the outside world. I wondered WHY in the world the Saudis gave such a welcome. It was clear that they were thanking him, but it seemed that they hadn't KNOWN him long enough to trust him. A president can PROMISE anything. So why were the Saudis thanking Trump? One of the greatest resources on the Internet is . Here's what I found by going there. Trump has known the Saudi royal family since 1980 AT THE LATEST. So that explained why the Saudis welcomed Trump that way. King Salman took the throne on January 23, 2015. Trump announced his candidacy on June 16, 2015. In April of 2015, Mohammed bin Salman became Deputy Crown Prince. That was when the Saudis told Trump, ""Okay, we're ready."" So Trump became president, setting in motion this joint plan to change the world. The Saudis are handling the Middle East, which allows Trump to concentrate on the Pacific. Every single prediction about everything turned out to be wrong. The Saudis welcomed Trump because his presidency means that the US will never again interfere in the Middle East the way we did before. Trump is America First, but he's also Every Other Country First. Americans have always ping-ponged between interventionism and isolationism. Trump ended that ridiculous pattern. My prediction is that Trump will forge a successful relationship with North Korea, China, and Russia. They're still stuck in the past. They think we're trying to advance ourselves at their expense. There's an old concept: ""The only way I know I'm up is if others are down."" Trump vehemently disagrees with that. He want EVERYBODY to be up. And so do the Saudis. Idiots say that the Iran-Saudi conflict is about Shia versus Sunni. No. It's about imperialism versus self-determination. I watched this tonight. It's very interesting. I could be completely wrong, but I CANNOT shake the feeling that Qatar is playing a role. In other words, Qatar is a double agent. I think all of this is the end result of YEARS of planning, and Trump is facilitating the change that the Middle East needs. Since 1979, the US State Department has been under the delusion that the Iranians mullahs want the same things we do. It's just a matter of finding the right words to HELP the mullahs see the light, and then we'll live happily ever after. The Saudis told us over and over and over, ""DO NOT overthrow Saddam Hussein. It's going to be a disaster."" We ignored them. Therefore what's happening now is NOT going to be a disaster. The Saudis studied FAILURE. And they learned from it. Trump is doing as he's asked, by the people who understand the region. This will result in stability and freedom. I have no doubt. You know how you can tell whether or not a person's opinion on the Middle East is of value? If they NEVER mention Saudi Arabia, then you can ignore everything they say. It's been said that the US has handled power the most responsibly of any nation in history. Well, Saudi Arabia joins us. And so do the Saudis' allies. The changes will ALL be successful. Middle Easterners will ALL be free. It appears that we're VERY close. So trust Trump, trust the Saudis, and trust Middle Easterners. All will be well..."
" This is VERY important. Thank you for posting it. Your reader--a former prosecutor and judge--says about the FBI's interview of Flynn: ""This is the kind of misconduct that can get a case dismissed and a lawyer disbarred. It is a Constitutional violation."" I've spent ten months reverse engineering Flynn's tenure as National Security Adviser. Full disclosure: I'm just a guy. An investor. No contacts or inside dope. Have you noticed that Trump has not been the victim of a SINGLE catastrophic intelligence leak? Remember the hapless George W. Bush? It was, what, every other week that the New York Times would demolish him with a leak? When Flynn became National Security Adviser, he appointed people who have ZERO public footprint. I'll use only one name: Ezra Cohen-Watnick (ECW). There are no confirmed photos of ECW. This article about him is great. ""The CIA has traditionally had control over who fills this position."" NOT THIS TIME! ""Ask around about Ezra Cohen-Watnick, and people get defensive. Some profess not to know him, or ask why anyone would want to write about him. Others simply refuse to discuss him."" ""'I won’t talk to any journalist about Ezra,' said Michael Ledeen, a Flynn confidant who knows Cohen-Watnick well."" Everyone on Flynn's staff got Top Secret / Sensitive Compartmented Information (TS/SCI) security clearance. You can get it from the Department of Defense, the State Department, the Department of Energy, and the Homeland Security Department. When you're fired, you don't lose your TS/SCI clearance. Remember the hysteria over McMaster? He's a Muslim! Controlled by Jews! McMaster ""fired"" Flynn's staff. Every name published was from the DIA. The Wikipedia NSC page used to list all the names of the deputies. Not no more! How about the White House NSC page? It's been that way since February. Now, if you have TS/SCI clearance, guess what you're allowed to receive on a ""need-to-know"" basis? Raw signals intelligence (SIGINT). Guess who gives it to you? NSA Director Admiral Mike Rogers. Guess who smeared the hell out of Rogers? Obama, Clapper, and Ash Carter. They told the press that Rogers went running to Trump Tower to beg for his job. Not a chance. That's from an Aaron Sorkin movie. But you know what Sorkin never conceived? Flynn's Leak Killers. Outsiders untouched by institutionalized corruption. Mega-patriots who hunt down and get rid of--legally--leakers. Flynn himself had TS/SCI clearance. My guess is that Rogers gave HIM raw SIGINT. Leaking is ILLEGAL. Hunting leakers is perfectly legal. Flynn did everything deliberately. He risked prison in order to get his Leak Killers into the system. Flynn is friends with General Stanley McCrystal, who was ALSO fired for telling the truth. So Flynn had a large of pool from which to recruit the Leak Killers. They're the new Untouchables. How do I know all of this happened? NO LEAKS. We're doing stuff with the Gulf Cooperation Council that no president has ever attempted. The Saudis are cleaning house in the entire Middle East. Trump would be VERY vulnerable to REAL leaks. And yet...nothing. Thank Flynn. He created a unit that defeated ALL the hostile elements of the Intelligence Community. That's why the general came in from the cold. The Leak Killers will remain in place as long as Trump is president. The Intelligence Community is giving up and starting to cooperate. And this is the guy who set it all in motion. According to me, that is... "
" Let's put the pieces together. The Democrats allow their IT guy to do his work from PAKISTAN. Pakistan is not monolithic. Most of the government supports the west, but Islamists have a lot of control. The Pakistani Inter Services Intelligence (ISI) has created more terrorist groups than any other government agency on earth. The ISI has about 10,000 members. The vast majority are administrators, technicians, analysts, and so on. The ISI Covert Action Division (CAD) is comprised of paramilitaries. CAD is analogous to the CIA Special Activities Division Special Operations Group (SAD/SOG). The SAD/SOG has 150 members. There are about 26,000 CIA members. Thus of those 26,000 only 150 are special-operations paramilitaries. The Pakistani ISI has 10,000 members. The CAD would be only a few hundred at most, AND the Islamist members of the CAD who train terrorists would be even fewer. So we go back to this. And this. And finally this. I think we killed all the Pakistani intelligence officers responsible for terrorism in Central Asia. They were set up. And guess what? Nicholson: ""Mr. President, we just bagged the entire Pakistani CAD."" Trump: ""Very nice. Carry on."" Still think Trump is ineffective? Ha."
" I didn't know this. Keifer Sutherland released an album about booze. Amazing. As a drunk who stopped drinking in 1991, I can tell you that there's nothing less interesting than tragic, sentimental alcoholics. Sutherland has multiple DUIs. He said that he keeps drinking because he wants to look back on his life and say that the only bad things he did was when he was drunk. Killing innocent people is pretty bad. ""But I didn't do it sober!"" A couple of miles from my house, a 50-year-old guy--same age as Keifer Sutherland--got his Camaro up to 130 miles per hour on a surface street. He lost control, of course. The Camaro went up on the freeway and hit a station wagon head on. When you're driving on the freeway, you don't expert cars to come at you from BELOW and to your RIGHT, going 130 miles per hour. The 50-year-old guy killed a family of six. Two parents and four kids. The Wongs. Of course the 50-year-old guy was drunk. I just read an article that said that Sutherland is the heaviest drinker in Hollywood. He drinks until he passes out. Every night. I can tell you from experience: HE'S RUNNING FROM SOMETHING. Before and after. I knew a great artist. He was the best in his field. Biggest drunk I ever knew. Let me tell you about talented drunks. They HATE you for admiring their art. The only thing that gives them pleasure is the pain they cause YOU by destroying their gift. This person was also gifted with incredible looks. Thirty years of boozing ruined those looks. Without prompting--since I NEVER ask people to tell me their secrets.--this person told me about being raped at knife point by a friend. After the secret was out, the person turned against me and made me an enemy. Remember Senator Larry ""Wide Stance"" Craig? He picked up men in PUBLIC TOILETS. Pure pathology. A psychiatrist on the radio said that these men would come to him asking why they did these things. ""Because you're GAY,"" the psychiatrist would tell them. ""I AM NOT GAY!"" the men screamed. Then they went out and picked up men in public toilets. The psychiatrist said he didn't treat men like that anymore. They could not be helped. I'm the same way with tragic drunks. I don't want anything to do with them. They're CREATING drama, and they HATE YOU for caring about them. Now, I'm like, ""There's the door. See ya!"" I despise waste. One of the best singers who ever lived was Jeff Buckley. His father was a tragic drunk-drug addict, so Jeff copied him. Jeff walked into the Mississippi river and drowned himself at the age 32. A total waste. But he sang about what he was going to do. A great song, not a great way to go. What about WE WHO CARED ABOUT YOU, JEFF? ""Go to hell,"" he said. No. I won't. Sorry..."
" There's an old adage: ""They're following the letter of the law but not its spirit."" ""The bottom line is that, based on the letter of the law, and the detailed instructions provided by the court, we were presented with no option but to return a verdict of not guilty.” The man is an idiot. ""We were convinced she did know. She may not have known what day, or what location, but she knew."" ""However, we were not tasked with deciding if she was aware of a potential attack. The charges were aiding and abetting and obstruction of justice."" So, the jury KNEW that she was guilty of aiding and abetting. KNOWING that the attack would take place and doing nothing to stop it is the TEXTBOOK DEFINITION of aiding and abetting. ""There were several significant inconsistencies with the written summaries of her statements."" The CSI Effect. Idiots want perfection, or else they acquit. If we want justice, we need to change the law in order to get rid of jury consultants and peremptory challenges. It's not about justice. It's about winning. We're told that Noor Salman has an IQ of 80. Bullshit. Would a woman with an IQ of 80 speak like this? ""I'm sorry for what happened. I wish I would go back and tell police and his family what he was going to do."" ""I'm sorry I lied to the FBI. These are my own words."" But the jury consultants gathered together a collection of morons. Justice was not served..."
" Well, let's look at the language reported. ""Cease making disparaging remarks."" It's not illegal to make disparaging remarks. ""His actions of communicating with author Michael Wolff."" Again, the book is coming out next week. Bannon has already ceased and desisted talking with Wolff. The letter is actually a ""demand letter,"" not a cease-and-desist letter. Demand letters give notice before legal action. Every media outlet is calling this demand letter a cease-and-desist letter. That tells me that every media outlet was handed a script that they didn't bother to think about. This whole thing is absurd. Trump is like the Shadow. He has the power to cloud peoples' minds..."
" sent me a clip with advice on bullying. In a second, I'll tell you the advice I gave my bullied nephew. My nephew was bullied throughout junior high school and high school. I dodn't know, because he and his parents didn't tell me. When he was a junior in high school, he finally told me. He said that his father told him to hit back, but he never did. So I told him about being bullied, and I told him about how his uncle--my brother Tim--dealt with bullies. My brother Tim is very similar to the actor Christopher Walken. Like Walken said about himself, Tim is ""naturally foreign."" So when Tim was bullied, he simply blew the minds of the bullies. One time a kid got down on his hands and knees behind Tim without Tim seeing him, and then a second kid pushed Tim so that he fell over the kid on the ground. Tim made himself as stiff as a board. His hands were in his pockets, so he fell over the kid behind him. His head hit the ground, and his feet and legs were up on the air. He looked like a teeter totter. He didn't say anything. The kid on the ground got out from under Tim, so Tim just fell like a tree and then lay there, his hands in his pockets. The other kids just walked away. Tim lay there for the entire PE class. If kids asked him taunting questions, such as, ""You like to take it up the butt, don't you?"" Tim would say things like, ""Yes, but not MY butt."" So the bullying stopped almost as soon as it started. Tim is a lone wolf. I'm a hermit; Tim is a rabid misanthrope. But he's not ANGRY. He just prefers plants to people. Las Vegas is the first time in his life that he's been surrounded by people--the ones fixing our house. He likes them fine. And when they leave, he'll go back to his plants. So I asked my nephew if he was afraid of the bullies. He said no. I told him if he could be WEIRD and IMPENETRABLE, the bullying would stop. The next time they do something, I said, thank them. So a couple of days later, a kid shoved my nephew, and my nephew said with total sincerity, ""Oh, hey, thanks!"" as he stumbled. The kid very confusedly said, ""You're welcome"" and walked away. After a couple of days, the head bully declared my nephew cool and off limits. My nephew finished out high school without any more bullying. As a child, I hungered for human contact, so the bullies preyed on that. My brother is indifferent to human contact, so there was nothing for bullies to latch onto. I tailored my advice to my nephew. For him, hitting back didn't work. He needed a different solution, so we found it. It takes more time to find solutions, and you have to do a lot of listening. But it's been my experience that there's no one-size-fits-all answer to anything... ADDENDUM: Tim with our nephew when he was a baby. And me doing the ""Tim Board"" trick... "
" This video shows a Basij Special Unit--men indoctrinated to to be merciless--defecting to the protesters. The Basij are/were the greatest obstacle to regime change in Iran. Let's compare Iran with Tiananmen Square and the fall of the Berlin Wall. The Beijing troops refused to fire on the protestors, so the Chinese brought in troops from the provinces. These men were held in isolation and shown propaganda that depicted the protesters as terrorists. Most of the people killed--well over 5000--were citizens of Beijing trying to stop the troops. This is what the Chinese used to put down the protests. Dozens of these. When the Berlin wall protests began, the East Germans implemented the Tiananmen Square plan. Troops from the provinces were gathered together, isolated, and shown propaganda. Then they were sent to Berlin to kill the protestors. So what happened? The head of the foreign intelligence division of the East German secret police (Stasi) was a man named Markus Wolf. Wolf was a committed communist. But he knew that murdering the protesters was wrong. East German was done. So Wolf used his skills as a spy to delay and confuse the shipping of troops to Berlin, and then he used his knowledge of the West to convince East German leaders to not suppress the protests. One man stopped the crushing of a revolution. And nobody seems to know about the role Wolf played. Clearly there's someone in the Iranian government playing the role of Markus Wolf. I'm not ready to say with 100 percent surety that this is regime change. But I'm VIRTUALLY certain. Someone was able to reach the Basij and convince them to stand down or even join the protests. I thought that would be impossible, but I was wrong. We'll know very soon if this is actually regime change. It sure seems like it... ADDENDUM: tells me that the Basij Special Unit officer in the video is saying, ""I didn't sign up to kill my own people."""
" A message of total weakness from the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. The translation of the tweet. A second translation. And then the IRGC removed the tweet. Let's count the ways in which the tweet shows weakness. First of all, the IRGC pulled out of Syria a long time ago. They were DEFEATED because they aren't trained in combat against armed opponents. Therefore saying that the bullets would be used in Syria is empty boasting. The helmet has a covering in the ""chocolate-chip"" Six-Color Desert Pattern. The IRGC hasn't used it since 2013 or 2014. So the photo is old. The tweet WAS TAKEN DOWN. That means the IRGC was afraid of the consequences. The IRGC admits that it's withdrawn to Tehran. It's given up on the rest of the country. Finally, the IRGC is desperately calling the protestors ""Saudi foot soldiers."" This is an even WORSE mistake that Ahmadinejad made by calling the protesters ""dirt."" The Iranian government is in total disarray. The president says protests are fine, while the IRGC makes panicky threats. This means the Iranian people will win. The US said yesterday that THIS TIME, we won't let Iran down. That commits us to regime change. Now, it's only a matter of time..."
" The boy who cried wolf. The real story. Let's go to YouTube. Hey! Still there. Frozen? No. You know what's happening? A lot of people with no scruples whatsoever are trying to rile you up and make money off of you. THAT is what's happening. On the anti-gun side, we have this: In response, people with no scruples are making accusations of ""crisis actors"" and ""false flags."" Going hog wild with conspiracy theories WILL make advertisers back away from you. Your viewership WILL go down. These are REPULSIVE accusations. The blunt truth is that I could defend the NRA far more effectively than it defends itself. And I'm not even a member. You won't get anywhere reciting the Second Amendment over and over and over. When the other side goes insane, YOU have to exploit that by getting MORE SANE. Instead, gun owners are embracing conspiracy theories. That's called a ""non-starter."" It's dead on arrival. I've become far more Darwinian than I was before. That which has no will to survive, won't. If your response to the anti-NRA campaign is to embrace conspiracy theories, you'll lose. Guaranteed. It's clear to me now that many ""conservative"" pundits and bloggers are TRYING to get themselves banned. I dumped the entire conservative establishment when they showed themselves to be insane on the subject of Trump. I haven't visited any of their sites since the second GOP debate during the primaries. These people were too crazy and stupid to see what I saw, so I realized that their input is worthless. Now the ALTERNATIVE conservative media is showing itself to be even worse. These guys are not paid as much as the establishment people. To get more money, the alternative conservative media has to tell bigger lies and create greater suspicion and fear. Trump has virtually no allies in the press. The establishment hates him, and the alternative media is purely opportunist. Conservatives are not covering themselves in glory during their period..."
" asks a good question. The anime pud-pullers have been trying to seduce me for two days now, despite me telling them that I don't crap in my pants, so I'm not one of them. BUT. Anime is from Japan, and...the Japanese hate Jews. WHAT?! They have no contact with Jews, so WTF? The Japanese word for the number 10 is ""juu."" So Japanese businessmen would say to each other, ""I think he's a nine-plus-one."" I heard this with my own ears. Thirty years ago, I was fluent in Japanese. There was no reason on planet Earth for Japanese to hate Jews. But they did. Caveat, because we're idiots now: NOT ALL JAPANESE HATE JEWS Chant that to yourself 200 times. The Swiss psychiatrist Alice Miller made a very good case for Jew-hate being a mental illness. I think that's true. Mental illnesses: Neuroses, disorders, and psychoses. A psychosis is a break with reality, such as schizophrenia. I think Jew-hate is a disorder that can become a psychosis. Jew-haters as so uniform that I think Jew-hate MUST be a mental illness. What do Jew-haters have in common? Paranoia, rage, denial, narcissism, irrationality, and...sexual dysfunctions. That last one is my own hypothesis. Every Jew-hater I've engaged has had catastrophic sexual dysfunctions. Jew-hating men are all terrified that they're gay, and Jew-hating women are pathologically promiscuous. But why JEWS, of all people? The Israelites go back to 1500 BC at the earliest. The religion is probably even older. My BEST GUESS for the reason why people hate Jews? Monotheism. The Jews are among the oldest monotheists. Muslims and Christians were polytheists for much longer than they were monotheists, so I think that the centuries or even millennia of hate left their mark. It simply became a mindless ritual to hate Jews. By the time Muslims and Christians BECAME Muslims and Christians, they'd already been hating Jews forever. Disclaimer: I AM NOT TALKING ABOUT ALL CHRISTIANS AND MUSLIMS So: Why Jew-hate? Mindless ritual and pathology. When it comes to human actions, mindless ritual and pathology pretty much explain everything we've done, huh? KIDDING! But not really... ADDENDUM: I'm getting tired of having to dumb down what I write. THE PEOPLE WHO BECAME CHRISTIANS were once POLYTHEISTS. Okay? I never said that CHRISTIANITY was POLYTHEISM. UP YOUR GAME..."
" They had eyes on the ground. It's pretty hard to kill 150 terrorists with air strikes, especially using precision-guided munitions. In As Shafah, the Islamic State had totally surrounded itself with civilians. The Russians tried to bomb them late last year. So in order to prevent this from happening to us, the Gulf Cooperation Council sent men into the city to conduct reconnaissance. They posed as Islamic State terrorists and almost certainly went into the headquarters itself. As I said, it's hard to kill 150 with precision-guided munitions, so that means that we waited until they were all together, with no civilians present. They had to have had listening devices in the building. When the terrorists cleared out the human shields to discuss the upcoming operation, the men on the ground called in the strikes. OR. The men on the ground went into the building and killed everybody inside, and then they called in air strikes. See, WE need street cred too. At any rate, it was a hell of an operation. How much would they have to pay you to infiltrate an Islamic State headquarters?"
" This is a complete fabrication. The IRAQIS defeated the Islamic State. Using over 30 videos, I was able to piece together one battle that shows you how the Iraqis did it. It also shows how IRAN screwed up. The background. January of 2015. The Iraqis lacked weapons and training, and the IRAN-BACKED MILITIAS refused to take orders from the government. This all changed in October of 2015. From October of 2015, the Iraqis won every battle. DECISIVELY. We have the video evidence of how they did it. On June 16, 2016, Iraqi Federal Police took Martyr Mustafa al-Athari Bridge in Fallujah. Al-Athari was a Shia soldier who the Islamic State hanged from the bridge. As he died, he made the V-for-victory sign with his fingers. A VERY BRAVE MAN. The Iraqi police sent an armored column up a side street. The Iranian adviser was retired Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps Brigadier General Ahmed Gholami. He led the Iraqis into one of the biggest ambushes they'd ever experienced. When the Iraqis arrived at end of the street, they began giving interviews. Distracted and jubilant, the Iraqis were sitting ducks for the Islamic State. Car bombs were set off. Missiles were fired from BEHIND the Iraqis. At least seven car bombs and one HOUSE bomb were set off. Then the Islamic State brought in a BULLDOZER and created a berm at the end of the street. Terrorists fired heavy machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades at point-blank range. The berm is the pile of earth on the right. Terrorists are behind it. The Iraqis lost at least five armored vehicles and dozens of men. The Iranian adviser Ahmed Gholami made horrible decisions. It's because he WAS NOT TRAINED IN URBAN COMBAT. Finally we see that OTHER advisers began taking action. They attacked the terrorist berm with an anti-personnel grenade that exploded in the air and killed the terrorists. This man is not Iraqi. He's Malaysian or Bruneian. A T-72 main battle tank was brought in, but because the useless Ahmad Gholami was still advising, the tank just sat there, FACING THE WRONG DIRECTION. Note the smoke from the destroyed vehicles. A man pitched a fit. Here he is. Not Iraqi. At THAT point, things started getting done. THIS man--not Iraqi--took charge. First he directed fire. Then he fired the cannon himself, killing snipers. The black man and two other non-Iraqis called in air strikes. A road grader removed the berm and the wrecked Iraqi vehicle. The tank crew then coordinated with the infantry. The tank gunner is in the white shirt. He's also not Iraqi. The tank got the armored column out of the deathtrap that the Iranian adviser had led the Iraqis into. Even at the end of the operation, the Iraqis still asked the unarmed black man for advice. You can see the Iraqi general's staff beckoning to the black man. This is a very important image. It was an incredibly violent battle. Look at the before and after shots of the big gray building. The Iranian adviser Ahmad Gholami almost got the Iraqis killed. Approximately TWELVE other men killed all the terrorists. Those men are from all over the Muslim world. They're all SUNNIS, and they fought for Iraq with NO STRINGS ATTACHED. The result? Moqtada al-Sadr won big in the election. He met with the ambassadors of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Turkey, Syria and Jordan. Iran was absent. Al-Sadr says Iran's influence in Iraq has been destructive, so it must stop. Al-Sadr also spoke with Chaldean Patriarch Louis Sako and promised to protect Christians. SOMEBODY freed Motada al-Sadr from the mullahs, and then Iraq freed herself from the Islamic State. The mullahs had nothing to do with it... ADDENDUM: Because it's ABSOLUTELY VITAL that we know this, the vehicle on the right is a front-end loader, not a road grader. Please accept my DEEPEST apologies... ADDENDUM TWO: Everyone should ignore the above thread and instead discuss this vehicle. It shows that I'm not wasting my time at all and encourages me to put tons of effort into what I write... ADDENDUM THREE: I went back into my image library and found a SIXTH destroyed Iraqi armored vehicle. Thanks to Ahmad Gholami. And I found the Iraqi police general speaking directly to the young black adviser near the end of the operation to get out of the deathtrap... "
" Go to Bishop Thomas K. Gorman Regional Catholic School and look around at the red arrow. That's where I threw Bobby Joe Manziel III's clothes, wallet, and Rolex watch on December 20, 1975. The Manziel family were the biggest donors to the school, so Bobby Joe had free rein. For 18 months, he physically and verbally attacked me daily. In 1975, we moved to the Netherlands. On the last day of school, I stole Bobby's Joe's stuff from his locker in the gym and threw it at the red arrow. I never got caught. Bobby Joe has spent most of his adult life in prison. First he was like this. Then he was like this. THEN he was like THIS. Now they just toss him on the chair and snap the shutter as he slides down the wall. It's amazing that the most sadistic son of a bitch I ever encountered ended up as a slumping bag of crap. He was the most popular kid in the school. I was sure he'd marry well, get a job in the Oil Palace, and live happily ever after. Surprise! Everyone who ever messed with me came to a bad end. Really bizarre. But funny..."
" I've now seen multiple videos that show that the Saudis and their allies can electronically mess with missiles in flight. In other words, they can make the missiles veer off course or fail to detonate. Hezbollah has 150,000 rockets and missiles. They only way to deal with them would be through electronic warfare. So I predicted that the Saudis and their allies have developed a means to neutralize the rockets using EMPs or microwaves or something we don't even know about. Now, we've seen ballistic missiles veer and crash into the ground on ascension, and we've seen surface-to-air missiles fail to explode. So I'm confident that my prediction is right. Hezbollah's 150,000 rockets and missiles will neutralized on the ground and in the air by means of electronic warfare. The Saudis probably have EW aircraft aloft 24 hours a day. They have a method of jamming the missiles' navigation systems and making them immediately crash..."
" A Russian Sukhoi Su-25 Frogfoot was shot down over Idlib in Syria. The aircraft was hit with a heat-seeking surface to air missile (SAM), possibly a man-portable air defense system (MANPADS). The missile caused the starboard engine to burst into flames. I'll spare you from 2 million ""Allah akbars"" by just showing a screen grab. Burning engine. From here on, EVERYONE IS LYING. Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham (HTS)--which is al-Qaeda--claims they shot down the jet, but we have two questions: One, why didn't they tell us what happened to the pilot? And two, if HTS can shoot down Russian jets, why have they waited so long to do it? The Russians and the other jihadists besides HTS rebels claimed first that pilot landed and engaged the rebels in a firefight before he was shot to death. Russian pilots in Syria are issued Stechkin machine pistols, which they carry in tactical vests. The Stechkin is a fully automatic weapon. We have reports that the pilot was Major Roman Filippov, a Ukrainian. This is said to be his Stechkin, which he used until he was killed. THEN a video surfaced, claiming that Filippov killed himself with a hand grenade rather than be taken prisoner. But you can see that a rebel is kneeling over him. He's already down. Finally, we have a video of Filippov's body. It isn't gruesome, but it tells you what happened. His abdomen and arms are snow white because of livor mortis. Lividity. All the blood in his body settled to lowest points. He was severely injured during the ejection, and he died hours before the rebels found him. The explosion was a rebel eff-up. Someone approached the body hold a live grenade and forgot to put the pin back in. Ask any pilot: Is ejection dangerous as hell? Fillipov's hands are black from the explosives that fire the ejection seat. He died soon after he took off his flying suit and parachute harness. The missile that hit the Su-25 didn't set off any alarms. I'm positive that no rebel fired it. So more theater. More propaganda. It's ugly, but the alternative is a much more destructive all-out war that would simply guarantee more wars in the future. The takeaway is how pathetically dishonest everybody is. Except for the people doing the REAL fighting..."
" I'm a guy who tweets. Watch me fact check the mighty mass media. ""And three sources told me that the next official likely to go is National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, who, like Tillerson, had advocated for remaining in the deal."" So I Googled ""McMaster Iran deal."" One. ""'This is a gift that gives over time' to Iran, McMaster said of the nuclear accord. 'There’s the fundamental flaw of the sunset clause.'"" Two. ""'It gave the Iranian regime all the benefits upfront,' he said. 'And then the incompleteness of the deal ... which really could give the regime cover to advance a nuclear program.'"" Three. ""'We have to recognize the fundamental flaws in this deal,' McMaster said about President Obama's agreement with Iran. 'It is -- as the president said -- the worst deal.'"" My guess is this is the latest bunny. I think something shifted in Iran. That's the feeling I get. So it would make sense for Trump to distract..."
" Feinstein is banning rifles with rocket launchers. Weapons that don't exist. ""Any part, combination of parts, component, device, attachment, or accessory that is designed or functions to accelerate the rate of fire of a semiautomatic rifle but not convert the semiautomatic rifle into a machinegun."" Federal definition of a machine gun: ""The term “machinegun” means any weapon which shoots, is designed to shoot, or can be readily restored to shoot, automatically more than one shot, without manual reloading, by a single function of the trigger."" So Feinstein's bill bans devices that convert weapons into what the feds define as machine guns, BUT the bill states that the banned devices must NOT be capable of turning weapons into machine guns. The bill also bans shotguns with rocket launchers. Another weapon that does not exist. Feinstein thinks ten-round magazines are the answer. Observe what you can do with a BOLT-ACTION rifle that has a ten-round magazine. The .303-caliber round is MASSIVELY powerful. So what happens after someone uses a bolt-action rifle in a mass shooting? This is low-hanging fruit for Democrats to use in their permanent playacting. The bill won't pass because it's poorly written. I want REAL solutions. Most mass shootings are carried out with easily concealed semiautomatic pistols, not rifles. The Texas shooter was a homicidal mental patient--LITERALLY--who the government refused to charge. A private citizen had to stop him. That citizen is forever traumatized. In the case of Las Vegas, the gun stores put sales ahead of everything else. ""Hi! I want 23 rifles, about 50 hundred-round magazines, bump-fire stocks, and 20,000 rounds of ammunition. DON'T LOOK AT ME!"" ""Step right this way, sir."" I own firearms. And I've seen sales to complete mental patients. ""I'm not a doctor! How am I supposed to know?"" Sure. Keep telling yourself that. Feinstein DOESN'T ACTUALLY CARE. This is political posturing. We need to crack down on authorities who let homicidal mental patients skate, and we need to BRUTALLY INTERROGATE gun sellers. Everyone is following the LETTER OF THE LAW. How about the SPIRIT OF THE LAW? Don't sell guns to people who give you the creeps. Is that asking too much?"
" makes a point that give ME the opportunity to drive home a concept. This is a new era. The people in the Trump White House are going for it. They aren't kidding around. When your goal is to transform the government and the culture for the better, you have priorities. Everyone on Fox News is an entertainer. They know the deal: Report at your own risk. Nobody FORCES them to report what they're told. Also, the nature of the reports makes them impossible to prove or disprove, unless there's a recording. What's the PROOF that Rod Rosenstein threatened the House Intelligence Committee? Rod Rosenstein forced General James Cartwright to plead guilty to leaking classified information and lying to the FBI. This despite the fact that the Obama White House refused to cooperate with Rosenstein. Project Olympic Games was the American-Israeli cyberwarfare operation that used the Stuxnet virus to destroy Iranian centrifuges. It was begun in 2006. Obama is elected in 2008, right? In 2010, the Russian Kaspersky Lab ""discovers"" Stuxnet. They find that it has a programming error that allowed it to spread outside of Iran. Why didn't Stuxnet have this error BEFORE 2008? It spread only in 2010, after an update. Then in 2012, James Cartwright leaks to the New York Times that the US and Israel created Stuxnet. In 2013, Cartwright is notified by the Justice Department that he's under investigation for leaking and then lying to the FBI about it. The White House refuses to cooperate with prosecutor Rod Rosenstein. He takes three years to build a case so strong that Cartwright pleads guilty. Then Obama pardons Cartwright before he's sentenced. I think the Obama administration sabotaged Stuxnet, and then Cartwright spilled the beans in order to kiss the mullah's asses. This is a general of the Marine Corps. He DID leak, and he DID lie to the FBI. His defense was incoherent. But Rosenstein nailed him. Cartwright should've gone to jail for life. Take Cartwright and multiply him by 20,000. THAT is what Trump is up against. Are Trump and his allies going to lie to EVERYONE in order to save the country? You bet. And I WANT them to. Rod Rosenstein was brought in because he's an expert in proving corruption and criminal behavior by government officials. He got Cartwright to plead guilty even though the White house withheld all documentation. Rosenstein's memo on Comey shows WHY Rosenstein was hired. If you're asking me to choose between Greg Jarrett and the country, guess what I'll choose? This is why I've said over and over that I would NEVER get personally involved in any kind of political hugger mugger. If I ever met , we'd talk about everything EXCEPT his tenure as National Security Adviser and all that came afterward. He's a pro and a patriot. If he could use me to help save the country, he'd do it in a second. But. He'd do it ONLY if I said, ""Hey! Tell me about _____________."" That would give him the green light. Hannity and Jarrett are entertainers. Rosenstein and Flynn are the real deal. We need to separate the entertainers from the real deals. You can't put Greg Jarrett in the same class as Michael Flynn. The meanings of words like ""courage"" and ""sacrifice"" need to be preserved. It doesn't take courage to go on TV and get paid millions. This is a first-time situation. IS GOING TO change everything for the better. I believed him when he made the promise. And I knew that he would have to steamroll a hell of a lot of people in order to get the job done. We're watching incredible history being made. Trump and his allies are lying their butts off. Just like Patton did when he helped fool the Nazis into thinking we were going to invade Europe at Pas de Calais. Patton commanded the First United States Army Group (FUSAG). See the insignia? It was a total lie. FUSAG didn't exist. Was it WRONG for Patton to lie and claim that he commanded FUSAG...?"
" The state of the Korean People's Army (KPA), the land force of North Korea. A soldier of the KPA's most elite unit defected. His former comrades had such poor marksmanship that they were unable to either stop him or inflict fatal wounds on him. The men of North Korea's most elite unit are filled with parasites. The man had eaten only corn. This is what North Korea projects to the world. And THIS is the reality: ""'In my over-20-year-long career as a surgeon, I have only seen something like this in a textbook,' Dr. Lee Cook-jong said."" North Korea's most elite unit is eating food fertilized with raw sewage. Palaces of North Korean political and military leaders. They're the size of national museums in Europe and Russia. The reports say that the defecting soldier was flown to the hospital by a ""UN helicopter"" A little white lie. On the right is an American carrying a carbine. He wears the HGU-56P army helicopter helmet. A crew chief. The North Koreans are in no shape to fight ANY war. Trump is working on a way to help them change their ways while saving face. I have full confidence in , James Mattis, Rex Tillerson, and Nikki Haley. When John McCain opposes you, it means that you're on the right track. "
" Man, am I cranky tonight. When people use Erdogan's ""Deep State,"" they mean an untouchable cabal of geniuses who will thwart Trump and escape justice. There's no Deep State. We had a corrupt president with corrupt Attorneys General, a corrupt CIA director, corrupt Secretaries of Defense, and AT THE VERY LEAST, corrupt members of the FBI. Every one of these jokers stepped on his own willy, and now they're all going to be exposed. There is no Deep State. There are corrupt government officials with power. Jeff Sessions asked for Rod Rosenstein because he spent his entire career going after and jailing corrupt government officials. Rosenstein got guilty pleas even when the White House and the Attorney General refused to help him. There is no Deep State. Obama is a mediocre machine politician from Chicago. He hired only people LESS competent than he is, because he is insecure and has to be the ""smartest guy in the room."" There is no Deep State. There's only corrupt individuals. I expect that you will continue believing in a Deep State. Most people make up their minds first, and then they filter out everything that doesn't fit in with the narrative..."
" Stephen King. His best work is the EDITED version of ""The Stand."" He had the unedited version published. It was a nightmare. Why? The unedited version has a defecation, urination, or flatulence reference on every single page. I actually checked that. After less than a chapter, I realized I was in a storm of toilet-talk. So I started flipping pages. Totally consistent. A defecation, urination, or flatulence reference on every single page. I can't imagine being desperate to get THAT message to my audience. ""You must listen! Poo-poo! Pee-pee! Braaaaaap!"" The EDITED version of The Stand is quite good. In case you don't know, here's the plot: The US Army invents a biowarfare weapon that infects and kills 99.99 percent of humanity. As a leftist, King has a knee-jerk hatred of the military, so all the parts about Captain Trips--the bioweapon--are weak. The idea for The Stand appeared in ""Night Surf,"" which was published in 1969. What happens after 99.99 percent of us die is that the good people gravitate to Hemingford Home, Nebraska, to be with Mother Abigail. The bad people go to Las Vegas to be with the Walkin' Dude. The book always stuck with me, because I wondered how many of us would choose the Walkin' Dude. Wonder no more! One of the characters has a memorable line when speaking to a supporter of the Walkin' Dude: ""Young man, your desire for law and order doesn't justify your embracing of a demon."" What we've learned since November 8, 2016, is that many of us will embrace demons as long as those demons oppose Donald Trump. It's not possible for a moral person to support the recent actions of the rodeo clown. She falsely accused the US Army of hanging Special Forces troops out to dry. She's clearly lying about what Trump said to the widow of one of those soldiers. She utterly denigrated the suffering that John Kelly feels at the loss of his son and the loss of the troops he commanded. And now she's claiming that the criticism of her swinish behavior is racism. Too many of us will embrace demons as long as the demons oppose Trump. The Battle of Mogadishu and the loss of the CH-47 Chinook helicopter Extortion 17 in Afghanistan? NOT THE FAULT OF CLINTON OR OBAMA. Presidents rely on their military advisers. Neither Clinton nor Obama had military experience. Both Clinton and Obama were pulled in opposite directions: Some advisers said one thing, and other advisers said another. Both presidents made their decisions BASED ON THE BEST AVAILABLE ADVICE. This has always been the ""weak link"" in our chain of command. Trump eliminated this weak link. When it comes to operational decisions, the Pentagon makes them. Today Trump signed an executive order. Here it is: The president changed the authority that makes the Ready Reserves active duty and when to recall retirees. Until today, the Secretary of Defense made that decision. NOW, the secretaries of each branch of service make the decision. Trump understands that the person who best knows his or her branch of service is the person who runs it. Therefore, in the case of national emergencies, each branch of service will ITSELF decide who goes active duty or is recalled. I know that Presidents Clinton and Obama were not fans of America as she is. Do I think Presidents Clinton and Obama callously and indifferently got Americans killed? Absolutely not. The idea that Presidents Clinton and Obama would shrug their shoulders and say, ""To hell with them!"" is ridiculous. BUT THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT DEMOCRATS ARE SAYING ABOUT TRUMP. The rodeo clown is saying it in plain language, and Americans are embracing this minor demon because she opposes Trump. I can't say I'm surprised or even disappointed. But I WILL say this: Everyone embracing the anti-Trump demons will regret it. You bet. Electoral extermination. Watch it happen..."
" This is a lie. The government shut down five times in TWO YEARS when there was a Democratic president--Jimmy Carter--and the Democrats controlled both houses of Congress. September 30 to October 13, 1977 October 31 to November 9, 1977 November 30 to December 9, 1977 September 30 to October 18, 1978 September 30 to October 12, 1979 After so many shutdowns, Carter's Attorney General Benjamin Civiletti issued a legal opinion that in a shutdown, government services must ACTUALLY STOP. So today's Democrats are conveniently ignoring the fact that DEMOCRATS first created the NEED for punitive repercussions to shutdowns, then they ADDED the punitive repercussions, and now they're EXPLOITING the punitive repercussions. Democrats OWN the entire concept of government shutdowns. The only solution is to put them in the political wilderness for half a century, so that we can recover from their destructive policies..."
" A bedtime story. People ask me, ""Don't the Democrats/leftists see how abnormal this all is?"" No. They don't. My father was...a difficult man. He worked for Exxon. Since he was brilliant, they kept him, but they transferred him a lot. Sometimes every six months. By the time I was four, I'd lived in five cities. This causes problems. I refused to enter the fifth house. I stayed outside, hoping against hope that we'd go home. But we were AT home. The new home. We moved all over Venezuela, Europe, and the US. Along the way, this is what I experienced. And I didn't think it was weird. At one family's house, the father came home, sat down, and began pounding the table with his fist. ""FOOD! FOOD! FOOD!"" he screamed. Another: The father began stripping the second he opened the door. He left a trail of clothes and ended up in his T-shirt and shorts. At one of my high schools, a student lived with the secretary. He was 17, and she was 45. They were like a married couple. One family was perfectly fine until they got in the car. Then the parents began roaring profanity at each other the whole trip. High school: A kid sat in the library and shouted ""SEX!"" every three or four seconds. Same place: Another kind had a two-way radio in his shirt. He muttered into it periodically and got quiet responses. Every community in which I lived was completely berserk. But it was all normal to us. A few years ago, a woman contacted me to talk about our life in Stavanger, Norway. She was married and had two kids. She said that our time in Stavanger was the happiest she'd ever had, and she missed our friendship. I didn't know her at all. She was my BROTHER'S friend. I'd never even spoken to her. She'd totally forgotten which brother was her friend. People can normalize ANYTHING. That's why it's so important to maintain standards. You can't let things slip. In the last oil camp in Venezuela, everywhere you went, you'd stumbled across kids playing ""Doctor."" This was 1971, so the entire culture was obsessed with sex. It filtered down to the kids. Democrats and leftists have normalized total pathology. The hatred of Trump is completely abnormal. At the swimming pool, and ancient Chinese man feel in the shower. He lost consciousness, so I had the staff call 911. When the paramedics came, the man didn't want to go to the hospital. The chief paramedic cut right to the chase: ""Listen to me: Losing consciousness is NOT NORMAL. You MUST be checked by a doctor."" And it worked! So simple. But that will never work for Democrats/leftists. They don't see their their thinking and actions are utterly abnormal. I understand. It was only in retrospect that I saw the derangement in everyone from my childhood. So, the rest of us will vote while Democrats pound the table and scream, ""FOOD! FOOD! FOOD!"" WE aren't the crazy ones..."
" The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps announces that it is taking control of security in Tehran. TEHRAN, not the entire country. Just the capital. I interpret this as a sign of incredible weakness. They APPEAR to have given up on the rest of the country. TOTALLY COINCIDENTALLY, former Obama administration officials are NOW saying that the protests are legitimate. Maniacal Trump-hater is now on exactly the same page as Trump. What does that tell you? They know which way the wind is blowing..."
" Well, the mullahs are doing EXACTLY what I predicted. Iran wants to goad Israel into a ground invasion. This won't happen. In order to keep the mullahs from causing a regional conflict, THIS will happen more and more and more. This is almost certainly a gunship with a fully automatic howitzer. A fully automatic howitzer was patented in 1969. The rounds are carried in a drum magazine. It's basically a giant machine gun. There's no telling what the mullahs will do, since they're not rational. BUT. Everything they try will fail. If they actually go through with a plan to invade Israel, the mullahs will be hit with more firepower than the world has ever seen. NOT the Iranian people. Only the mullahs and the people who still back them. I don't know where we go from here. Things may die down, or we may see regime change in the next few days. Either way, DON'T BE AFRAID. All will be well..."
" How did THIS work out for Lebanon? ""Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri told a US envoy that Lebanon rejects current US proposals over the marine border with Israel."" ""'The state must have a strong and firm position,' said Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, the leader of the Iran-backed political and military movement, in a televised speech at a rally."" ""'If the Americans come and say you must be responsive so that I restrain Israel from you: tell the Americans they must accept (Lebanon's) demands so that we hold Hezbollah back from Israel,' he added."" Okay. Message received. So how did the Trump administration respond? Well, there's an answer to THAT too. ""US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday that Lebanon's security was threatened by the growing arsenal of the Iran-backed group Hezbollah and its involvement in regional conflicts."" Guess who was standing beside Tillerson? ""Speaking alongside Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri in a Beirut news conference, Tillerson also said the United States was engaging with Lebanon and Israel to ensure the border remained calm."" ""Tillerson said Washington remained committed to supporting the Lebanese army and internal security forces."" Tillerson and Hariri had their press conference AFTER Nasrallah made his speech. The US doesn't seem nervous. Israel doesn't seem nervous. Hariri doesn't seem nervous. Here's Nasrallah. Why's he screaming? I'll tell you why, using an Arab proverb: ""The dog barks as the caravan passes."" The caravan is going places. The dog is staying put, hysterical and impotent. It's absolutely clear that the US, Israel, and Israel's allies have found an answer to the threat that Hezbollah poses. The only strategic threat is the 150,000 rockets. It wouldn't be possible to intercept them, so the answer is to prevent them from being launched. Something would hit them all, simultaneously. I've talked about electromagnetic pulses (EMPs), but there are also microwave weapons. They fry all the electronics. Drone swarms that emit microwaves. Did you know that the Saudis have invented technology for a single pilot to control an entire fleet of drones? The pilot controls the entire fleet as one entity. Each separate drone controls itself in relation to the others. The Saudis say that the technology can be used in search and rescue or inspecting remote pipelines or other facilities. And of course it could also be used to destroy Hezbollah's entire rocket arsenal. Just a thought..."
" From someone who once opposed Trump. Trump resigned from 500 companies after he was elected. His entire empire is taking a massive financial hit. Coulter said that using Ivanka and Kushner is ""fascist."" Let's think about this: How many people can a billionaire trust? I made friends with one very famous person. I was vetted like you wouldn't believe. Massive amounts of disinformation were thrown at me. Bait was laid out. I didn't resent the testing or vetting, because HOW DO YOU KNOW if the person is sincere? Also, let's say the person is benign but is interested in you ONLY because you're famous. That's horrifying. Who do you turn to? Trump appointed Ivanka and Kushner because he TRUSTS THEM. There's nothing ""fascist"" about it. If the president can't trust anyone, he'll go insane. Who can Coulter trust? I read that she was friends with Drudge. No way in HELL would I tell Drudge anything personal about myself. I sympathize with the famous. Who can you trust? Trump trusts his daughter and so-in-law. And of course the First Lady, but she has her own position. She didn't need to be appointed. ""Fascist""? Hardly..."
" How disgusting and pathetic are Assad's forces and the jihadists fighting them? Here you go. The jihadists are in Turkish mine resistant ambush protected (MRAP) vehicles. This is the Otometre Panthera. But the Turks gave the jihadists a starter version with no Common Remotely Operated Weapon Station (CROWS). See how high off the ground the vehicle is? The men being run over are simply going under the MRAP and coming out unharmed on the other side. The men fighting for Assad are the hapless Afghans, Iraqis, and Pakistanis of the Shi'ite Foreign Legion. They have no training whatsoever. They're just ambling or jogging around as maniacs in an MRAP drive around in their midst, shooting. Look at the guy on the left. No sense of survival whatsoever. These men aren't even cannon fodder. They're just targets. Did you know that Assad's men and the jihadists are all on drugs? They use Captagon. Someone finally shot back at them. A bullet hits the windshield. The guy filming is a bloodthirsty savage. Happily, he meets his end. He screams and falls, and we catch a glimpse of his OWN blood pouring from his chest. The oafs in their Turkish uniforms just stare. Nobody is smart or caring enough to help him. Too bad. Aren't you glad that Trump is keeping out people out of that maelstrom of incompetence and brutality? Compare Turkey to Saudi Arabia. The Turks ""trained"" these monstrosities. You see the results. The Saudis trained the Yemenis. Today the Southern Yemenis got rid of the corrupt factions of the government. At the same time, Yemenis are advancing on the port of Hodeidah, the city of Taiz, the city of Sana'a, and the city of Saada. There are at least ten ground offensives taking place, rolling up MASSIVE Iranian-built defenses as if they don't exist. The Turks are all about images. The Saudis are all about results. The Saudis who read this will understand that I mean no disrespect: My entire view of the Middle East has been turned upside down. The people who WE WERE TOLD are the problem are ACTUALLY the solution. The Saudis EARNED my support. I didn't just wake up and decide to support Saudi Arabia. The Saudis SHOWED ME that they deserve my full support in every way. Here's the issue: Turkey was held out as the MODEL Muslim nation, but do you know why it wasn't? Because Turkey's leaders FORCED secularism on the country, and the military OVERTHREW governments that got ""too Muslim."" That's DYSFUNCTIONAL. The Saudi approach is FAR more humane and intelligent. Saudi Arabia is becoming a nation of CHOICE. Freedom. The government is LOOSENING its control. Is there chaos? Panic? Riots? No. The Saudi royal family is saying to the armed forces and the people, ""We trust you to do what's right."" The Saudis are aiming for a model nation, NOT a model MUSLIM nation. As the Crown Prince said, ""We want to be a normal nation contributing to the world."" And they are. Their best days are ahead of them. Turkey has a lot to learn from Saudi Arabia..."
" The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps has been pressuring the Iranian army to become more Islamic. This means that the Iranian army would almost certainly be receptive to clandestine help. In 2009, the army refused to suppress the Green Movement. ""The army, over the years, has faced fierce demands to adopt the ideology of the regime. Iran’s Revolutionary Guard says that the cleric-led country is the sole 'ideology-based army' in the world."" And THERE is the great vulnerability of the mullahs. The army is being pressured to do things that its soldiers find unacceptable. This makes it much more likely that the Iranian army would accept help in changing the regime so that soldiers are no longer pressured to do things that they find immoral..."
" I LOVE the notion of a global Jewish conspiracy. Get TWO Jewish people together, and they'll disagree. Israel always had TONS of great ideas for how to win wars virtually bloodlessly, but they could NOT GET EVERYONE TO AGREE. The Battle of Shijaiyah took began on the morning of July 20, 2014. For FOUR DAYS PREVIOUSLY, the IDF dropped warning messages. Shijaiyah was like Iwo Jima, but with 100,000 civilian human shields. The four days of warning gave Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad time to set the largest ambush in the history of urban warfare. They put IEDs in the street, in buildings, and lampposts. The terrorists set up fortified fighting posts with heavy machine guns, mortars, recoilless rifles, rocket-propelled grenades, and antitank guided missiles. so the Israelis went in right after midnight on July 20, 2014. And at 1:00 a.m., the terrorists sprang their trap. The Israelis lost contact with their men for almost two hours. Finally the men were ordered back into the their Namer armored personnel carriers. The Namer is converted from a tank. When the men were in their Namers, the artillery fired 600 155mm high-explosive rounds RIGHT OVER THE NAMERS. The Israeli air force dropped 100 MK-84 bombs. The artillery and bombing were finished in 20 minutes. Then the 188th Armored Brigade sent in main battle tanks. The Israelis had refused to send in tanks at the beginning because they COULDN'T AGREE. They were worried about world opinion. In the end, the world painted Shijaiyah as a massacre ANYWAY. Just watch the beginning of this. Watch until 2:53. The explosions are OUTGOING MORTAR ROUNDS. Hamas had mortar positions in the buildings. That's why the pebbles and dust are falling. The ambulances were sent in during the Israeli ceasefire. The IDF said that Hamas VIOLATED the ceasefire. You just saw the evidence with your own eyes. The al-Jazeer reporter went to Shijaiyah to interview Palestinians. As the crew filmed, HAMAS TERRORISTS walked past. One them holds a weapon behind his back. And another. A total of 100 people were killed in Shijaiyah. Of these people, 68 were military aged males. BUT. The Palestinians use CHILDREN as combatants. This was a nine-year-old who was killed ""performing military duties."" So I'm comfortable saying that the IDF accidentally killed NO CIVILIANS in Shijaiyah. IF--and that's a BIG IF--civilians were killed, the terrorists did it. The Israelis couldn't even agree how to fight a single battle. But Jewish people rule the WORLD? If you believe that, you're an idiot, or you're insane. Those are the only two options..."
" makes a request. Second part first: I have no idea what's up with . This is a very plausible version of events. Sorry. I've been trying to search this document, but the search function doesn't work on any of the versions out there. Since I can't search the document, I can't personally confirm any of the claims being made. But. The claim is that Rogers discovered unlawful surveillance and told the Department of Justice and the FISA court. We aren't told HOW Rogers became aware of unlawful activity. The point is that the Director of the NSA was unaware of unlawful activity. It's perfectly possible that the Director of the FBI was ALSO unaware of unlawful activity. If Obama broke the law on the scale being claimed, then it's likely that an incredibly complex counter-intelligence operation was carried out in order to PROVE it. Trump is fearless AND he's trying to reform every aspect of the federal government. So you can bet that TONS of strategic deception was carried out. NSA Director Rogers stayed a year longer than his expected term. Comey stayed longer than was expected. So I can't tell you what happened, but my guess is they did what was necessary to make the charges stick. As for the FISA memo, who knows? Everyone's telling you, ""This is it! Obama's going down!"" Maybe. But maybe not. The memo will be leaked or released. It BETTER live up to expectations. If it doesn't, that means we can't trust ANYBODY who said that it'll change the political landscape forever. Trump hasn't said anything yet. I'm thinking the memo will be AT LEAST damaging. What YOU should do is take screen grabs of all the assertions being made by people with ""inside information."" If their claims don't come true, then you'll know that they're a waste of time. The reason I'M not all worked up about this is that we'll know in a short time what's happening. I'm more interested in the Middle East right now than I am in Obama. What happens to Obama is binary: Either he gets charged or he doesn't. It all depends on the evidence. There's nothing there for me to figure out. The reason I'm concentrating on the Middle East is that it's FAR more important to our future than Obama is. The Middle East is full of amazing stories of improvement, evolution, and surprise. Obama would've surprised me by NOT being corrupt and lawless. I've DELEGATED domestic politics to . That means I trsut him to get the job done. This frees me up to study what I REALLY like, which is military operations. Obama is a disaster. Charging him will be incredibly traumatic and ugly. I don't look forward to it. If he's charged, the case will go on for years. AND. Don't be surprised if Trump pardons him BEFORE a trial. So I'm not watching very closely. There's nothing there for me to sink my teeth into. THIS is what I'm looking at: Iran is experiencing a flurry of small earthquakes, all on the surface. This appeared in the sky after an earthquake. is about failure, pathology, and small-mindedness. I've had enough of that. I've studied the Middle East for all of my adult life, and what I'm seeing there inspires me. So that's what I'm watching right now..."
" I need to warn everybody: DO NOT use my timeline to sing all the same old songs from 2001. You're free to have whatever opinions you want about Islam. But lots of Muslim people read my tweets. So you MUST refrain from spewing tired old talking points. This is a new era. MUSLIMS are leading the way. So on THIS ONE TWITTER TIMELINE, you must not try to start fights with Muslims. You must also NOT tell me that you're ""just asking questions."" ""Just asking questions!"" = ""I am a giant a-hole!"" Now I'm not doing to PROTECT Muslims. They can defend themselves. BUT. Getting into fights with Muslims about Islam is TOTALLY COUNTERPRODUCTIVE. I hate futility and ritual. Don't be a futile ritualizer on my timeline. Follow my example. If I ever go to Saudi Arabia, we won't talk about religion unless a SAUDI brings it up. And I doubt he or she would. Two words: ""parochial"" and ""cosmopolitan."" Parochial = having a limited or narrow outlook. Cosmopolitan = familiar with and at ease in many different countries and cultures. Don't be parochial on my timeline. It annoys me. You're missing the forest for the trees. We're watching one of the great shifts in human history. MUSLIMS are leading it. Again, you can THINK anything you want. But don't sing your parochial old songs on my timeline. This is what you'll get... "
" Boko Haram HAS been virtually exterminated by the Cameroonian Rapid Intervention Battalion (BIR). The Niger ambush was REPLACEMENT terrorists from the Islamic State. The BIR will simply resume killing. US Special Forces, Marines, and SEALs trained them, along with the IDF. Now Gulf Cooperation Council commandos will get into the act too. "
" Time to make an example of someone. Are you aware that we ANNIHILATED a 500-man unit of Russian troops in Syria? We used B-52 STRATEGIC BOMBERS on them. How did the Russians react? They did NOTHING. We pounded this unit for SIX HOURS, killing and wounding EVERY SINGLE MEMBER. How did the Russians react? They did NOTHING. There will be no war between the US and Russia because the Russians have ZERO ability to fight us. The RUSSIANS supported Assad's chemical attack so that they could blame the US for a ""false flag."" This is all so straightforward that a seven-year-old could figure it out. YOU are being swept along in a flood of bullshit. Not ME; YOU. So keep your opinions to yourself. I don't want to hear them. Your opinions DEPRESS me..."
" Your story is factually incorrect. ""Reports surfaced Tuesday that the operation morphed into a kill-or-capture mission."" No. The rules of engagement are set in stone: Americans on Advise and Assist assignments do not engage in combat. This is a FRENCH-LED EFFORT. The French have 4000+ plus men there, including hundreds of commandos. Americans on Advise and Assist missions aren't suddenly told that they're going to go into combat. Two of the fallen soldiers were members of a Special Forces Battalion Support Company. They wouldn't be suddenly used as commandos. This is the source of the claim that the mission changed. An anonymous ""senior U.S. intelligence official."" The ""survivor"" says they rode in ""six to eight vehicles."" He was there, but he doesn't know how many vehicles his team had. The US Special Forces doesn't ""tack on"" capture-or-kill assignments, especially when it's a high-value target. Let's ask current and former US Army: Do you call up 12 men and their 30 Nigerien partners in the field and say, ""Hey, go capture or kill this high-value target right now""? They haven't been briefed, and no surveillance was conducted. Do you send an Advise and Assist team into that? Also, when they're told that reinforcements won't arrive (for no stated reason) do you sent in the A&A team anyway? And when you call in French air support, do you not tell them where you are, so that they can't drop their bombs? The whole point of sending in the Advise and Assist team was that no enemy action was anticipated, right? So would you then turn around and send the A&A team on an improvised capture-or-kill mission? Let's see if any members of the US Army respond..."
" A stupid question from He doesn't know the definition of either ""conspiracy theory"" or ""Website."" Twitter is a ""social networking site"" that uses ""microblogging."" A ""conspiracy"" is a plan by two or more people to do something ILLEGAL. Conspiracy theorists by definition exclusively discuss ILLEGAL ACTIVITIES. I am in no way a conspiracy theorist. I am a ""spitballer."" I use open sources--meaning information published openly--to try and figure out what's going on. Here's a conspiracy theorist. That's a WARRANT AFFIDAVIT. It lists PROBABLE CAUSE. In order to get a warrant, you have to explain to a judge why you should be granted permission to search somebody's private property. So they say, ""This MAY have happened, but we need to search in order to see WHETHER OR NOT it did."" A warrant affidavit is not evidence that the authorities lied. THAT is a conspiracy theory. Everyone who says that the Las Vegas mass murderer has accomplices in the shootings, and the authorities are either complicit or covering it up? THOSE are cons[piracy theorists. Here's how you know a conspiracy theory is full of shit: If someone on Twitter makes the claim. Two things separate me from conspiracy theorists. One, I never talk about secret cabals of lawbreakers. And two, I show you exactly the OPEN SOURCE that I used to spitball. Here's the problem with western society: Critical thinking as a skill is no longer taught. Let's apply our critical-thinking skills to the Las Vegas conspiracy theories. The most glaring hole in ALL conspiracy theories is ""WHY?"" Helicopters strafing, multiple gunmen, cops lying, feds lying... WHY? The answers are insane. An assassination attempt on the Saudi crown prince. An FBI gun-running operation gone wrong. And--as always--a ""false flag"" (vomit) to take our guns. Occam's Razor: The simplest answer is almost always the correct one. The simplest answer is that a totally screwed-up weirdo bought a whole bunch of rifles and high-capacity magazines and fired on a crowd. Nothing else answers all questions. ""They didn't tell us his motive!"" Why are you relying on the cops to tell you what to think? I know his motive: power. Mass shooters commit their atrocities because it makes them feel powerful. You know how to solve the problem of mass shootings? Teach people to think like me. At 55, I'm a physical and mental and emotional wreck. THIS guy is 78 years old. I am SO HAPPY FOR HIM. I could be his father. So what? The happiness of OTHERS makes ME happy. If EVERYONE felt that way, there'd be no mass shootings. The Las Vegas mass shooting is an open-and-shut case. The people who insist otherwise are conspiracy theorists. I am not a conspiracy theorist. You feel like an idiot now, don't you, ? It's because you ARE an idiot. Ha... ADDENDUM: Somebody went insane and had Twitter taken away from him. Oh well... ADDENDUM TWO: Twitter suspended him because he did this. I didn't even report him. Thank you, . ADDENDUM THREE: The shortest account suspension on record. He's back. I retract my thanks, . ADDENDUM FOUR: I forgot to add the most important difference between me and conspiracy theorists: Conspiracy theorists INSULT YOU for disagreeing with them. ""Wow, I thought you were smarter than this."" Their conspiracy theories make them feel consequential. I have no need to feel consequential. ""I'm like a mollusk, sitting here stationary while everything flows past me."" --Greta Garbo "
" Did you know about this? The ""Arab Nationalist Guard."" They fight on the side of Assad. Volunteers from Egypt, Libya, Iraq, Lebanon, the Palestinian territories, Tunisia, Syria and Yemen. Pan-Arab anti-Zionists. So OF COURSE they go to Syria to fight...ARABS. This is just another militia that Iran created. I think the goal for Iran was to pack Syria full of fighters who would help Hezbollah launch another war on Israel. Here's a question: How did Iran VET these guys? The dumbest thing in the world is to assume that all Arabs hate Israel. My guess is Iran pretty much accepted everyone who showed up. What if they aren't who they say they are...?"
" Dear : UP YOUR GAME. ""Saudi Arabia has long seen Tehran, and its proxy Hezbollah, as a central nemesis in the Middle East, competing against it for regional hegemony and global influence."" The Saudis are OPPOSED to regional hegemony. How many times do they have to say it? Show me SPECIFIC SAUDI ACTIONS that indicate Riyadh's attempts to impose Saudi influence on its neighbors. Yemen? The Saudis got involved at the request of the President, who was CHASED FROM THE COUNTRY by Houthi rebels. Qatar? Even IRAQ is asking Qatar to stop sponsoring terrorism. But. Things are not as they seem. My guess is that the Qataris took part in a long-term deception operation to render Hezbollah's offensive capabilities useless. I have no PROOF of that, of course, but I can tell you that THESE statements are 100 percent incorrect: ""The ongoing civil war in Yemen — an Iran-Saudi Arabia proxy fight — also 'looks like a failure' for the kingdom, as do the conflicts in Libya and Syria, said Ofer Zalzberg, a Jerusalem-based analyst for the International Crisis Group think tank."" The Saudis are fighting a HOLDING ACTION in Yemen. Why wouldn't military correspondent see that? Also, the Saudis used Yemen as the mother of all military deception (MILDEC) operations. While all eyes were focused on Yemen, things happened in Syria and Iraq. ""'Salman wants a success right now. He’s desperately looking for a success, I would even say,' Zalzberg told The Times of Israel on Sunday."" That's completely false. Here's the problem: You're looking at everything through ISRAELI EYES. Israel--like the United States--is pathologically opposed to using military force. So Israel--like the United States--fights wars at warp speed, to keep the screeching public from filling its diapers. THIS NEVER WORKS. A fast war solves nothing. It GUARANTEES more conflict later on. Short-term gratification versus long-term planning. The Saudis are in it for the long haul. The current wars will be the last major conflicts in the region. Now, I know Mohammed bin Salman doesn't need me to defend him, but if you want to be less stressed, you need to JUNK YOUR WORLDVIEW. This old-timey view of the Saudis is unnecessarily scaring the hell out of everybody. Why won't people simply RESEARCH things? ""'Saudi Arabia lacks the ability to directly challenge Iran militarily and must consider the threat of Iranian retaliation on its soil,' wrote Robert Malley..."" ""Vice president for policy at the International Crisis Group and former White House coordinator for the Middle East, North Africa and Gulf Region, in an article for The Atlantic last week."" ""According to Eldad Shavit, 'the Saudis always want others to do the dirty work for them, especially since they are tied up in Yemen.'” In the case of Shavit--""Shove it!""--maybe that's disinformation. But Robert Malley is serious. He thinks the Saudis lack the capabilities to directly confront Iran. Dear Times of Israel and Judah Ari Gross: How do you explain this? Why am I the only person on the planet stunned that the Saudis carried out the largest amphibious landing in the history of the Middle East IN TOTAL SECRECY? Isn't it NORMAL to ask ""How in the hell did they do it?"" But NOBODY asks that. It's because the people who did it are SAUDIS. It's time to reevaluate EVERYTHING. This old-school belittling and panic mongering is not helpful. What in the world is this? The Iraqis used it. They didn't get it from us. It looks like a tiny explosive helicopter. How did the men in the white car knock out the truck bomb's engine? Frames have been snipped. These are two consecutive frames. NONE of your fears will come true. Stop being afraid. More importantly, STOP SCARING OTHERS. You don't know enough about this topic to offer opinions. Seriously..."
" This is a big story. The Southern Movement are separatists. They want their own country. However, they've been given advanced weaponry, and now their standard of training is very high. This is a Southern Movement MRAP. It was said in the past that in the Arab world, politics and violence can't be separated. That problem has ended. The Saudis wouldn't arm and train the Southern Movement if there was danger of ""blowback"" after the war. Here's a video of the liberation of the city of Taiz in Yemen. The Houthis had surrounded the city with minefields several miles wide. Assault troops had to cross open plains. And the Houthis had ringed the city with heavy artillery, ready to fire on anyone who made it past the minefields and machine-gun positions. Well, the liberators simply APPEARED in the center of the city. They were not flown in. Nobody heard a thing. These men were just suddenly THERE. Most of use think of special forces as THIS. In the video of Taiz, two men immediately looked away or walked away when the camera swept past them. Another covered his face. The guy in the background has a HELL of a weapon: It's a heavily modified Austrian Steyr AUG. That man has a custom-made, one-off rifle. Remember: These ""militiamen"" appeared IN THE CENTER of Taiz. They bypassed the minefields, the machine-gun positions, the barbed wire, and the artillery. Don't let anybody tell you that the Yemen war is ""out of control"" and the ""wort humanitarian disaster"" in the world. Those are lies. Yemen will be freed, and when the war is over, people will no longer take up arms. They won't be allowed. When thousands of men masquerading as militia can suddenly appear in the center of your cities, it's game over. Time to behave..."
" Azerbaijani performer in Tehran is joined by passersby. AND... He has a guard on the right. See the masked man's stance? He's ready to go at any second. And he's signalling with his head. The Iranians have help. You betcha... ADDENDUM: The guard was filming with his glasses! The video is being posted everywhere. Azeris have led multiple protests against the regime. This has to mean something... ADDENDUM TWO: I was right. Let's see if I can translate a caption to this video. Part One: ""On the eve of Nowruz, Iranian female heroes brought happiness and beauty to the streets of Iran without fear of the government and its oppressors. Thus the eyes of the goddess are out in full style!"" Part Two: ""Dedicated to the blind eyes of the Basij and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, in the hopes that we see Islamic rule, the turban, and the clerics thrust into the wells of Iran."" Part Three: ""And in the hopes that the Iranian people will express themselves, and Iran will once again be a country of happiness."" Boy, it sure looks like regime change is just about to happen..."
" Here's what happens when you underestimate the Saudis and their allies. First, the Yemeni Houthis and former dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh turned against each other for no reason. Saleh was killed. So was Iran's commander of missiles in Yemen. Hussein Khasrawy was actually killed while riding in a car. Al-Qaeda senior leader Abdullah Muhammad Rajab Abdulrahman was killed in a car in Syria. They used an inert munition filled with cement. So after Saleh and multiple Iranians were killed in Yemen, lightning-fast ground offensives began. The Houthis have collapsed on the west cost. Note that UAE Brigadier Generals are armed with rifles. Those are advisers. The Yemenis are doing the ground fighting. As the Houthis lose in the west, their capital in the north is being attacked from multiple directions. ""The advance came after troops earlier captured several hills in the mountainous Nehem area, army Col Ado Mogali said in a statement on the military-run 26 September website."" ""The Iran-backed Houthi rebels had used their control of elevated positions, particularly Al Tabah Al Hamra, one of the highest hills in the area, to repel government forces."" ""Col Mogali said the gains had left the rebels without the ""fortified pockets"" provided by the rugged terrain."" ""'The armed forces passed the obstacles presented by the rugged hills and the narrow routes which were blocking the army vehicles. Now our forces will lead an offensive on open land with no hills and no mountains as before,' he said."" This is EXACTLY how the Coalition took the city of Taiz. Taiz was surrounded by a minefield five miles wide. There were machine-gun positions everywhere, and artillery was positioned in the mountains. The Houthis--directed by Iranian advisers--had created massive killing zones, There were antitank positions in the narrow mountain passes. Taiz seemed impossible to take. And then the men who liberated Taiz simply APPEARED in the middle of the city. They'd infiltrated one at a time over a period of a year. Minefields can be mapped using ground-penetrating radar. You can have a tablet that shows a digital map of the minefield. You yourself are shown as a moving dot. So you can walk through a minefield by looking at your tablet. The Saudi-led Coalition raced as fast as it could to the city of Marib, east of Sana'a. Then the men ""stopped."" World military ""experts"" said, ""It's a quagmire!"" No. The Saudi-trained Yemenis were simply infiltrating the Houthi positions. All the obstacles were removed. Meaning, all the Houthi artillerymen were killed. ""The open terrain will allow government forces to move faster and to surround Houthi positions in scattered villages because they can approach them from different directions."" So how are the Houthis handling this? Doesn't matter. Here's what happened earlier this year. A bunch of American ""veterans"" told me that I make too much of Arab military skills. Well, here's what Yemen's first commando unit did. ""'We were able to approach the enemies by walking 12 km on foot toward their headquarters in Marib, specifically Sarwah, and carried out the operation by help from troops on the ground and cover from air forces above.'"" ""At least 200 fighters were involved in the planning and execution of this operation, including 40 brave men who were embedded in the front lines."" The red arrow is where they started, the green arrow is where they attacked, and the white line is the front lines. They infiltrated through five miles of enemy troops. On foot. It was their FIRST MISSION. They killed all the Houthi commanders in the sector. I've been telling you this for two years. Almost three now: These guys infiltrate, ambush, and exfiltrate. You can't stop them. Everything is kicking into high gear. Trump and the Saudis are masters of strategic confusion. Look at this Pakistani report. ""It is strange that Neo TV channel is run by people loyal to Jamaat-e-Islami and Islami Jamiat Talba who on the one hand oppose the Trump policy and at the same time, they have allowed Ahmed Qureshi to speak pro-Zionist and anti-Muslim, anti-Arab lies to deceive viewers."" THIS IS ALL DELIBERATE. The old ways are DEAD. We're living in an ACTUAL tectonic shift in geopolitics. This is 100 percent positive. So be happy. ""That which we never thought would happen, has happened."""
" writes the funniest thing I've ever seen in my entire life. He's talking about Jewish people. Every day I marvel at the stupidity and superficiality of my fellow humans. This guy thinks I want to BE Jewish! I also didn't realize until right this moment what the avatar means: He's WHITE! The funniest thing about Jew-hate is that these medieval peasants would crap their trews if they knew how far ahead of us the Israelis are in every single field. Peasants THINK like peasants, so they can't comprehend my 21st century views: I support Israel, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, the Iranian people, and the Lebanese people. Does that mean I want to be a Jewish Arab Muslim Persian? Israelis will understand this: I DON'T WANT TO GO THERE. YOU'RE TOO LOUD. I was asleep in a guest house in Tokyo back in 1985, and I was awoken by a riot downstairs. It was the worst fight I'd ever heard: screaming, pots and dishes crashing around, thuds, pounding noises... So I crept downstairs to the kitchen and saw...about fifteen young Israelis having dinner. Men and women. Backpackers. They were all screaming simultaneously, whacking the table, clapping. IT WAS HORRIFYING. I'm too old for that. If I went to Israel, I'd have to wear ear protection, and I'd have to eat and travel by myself. Every time an Israeli greeted me, I'd get an adrenaline rush. So the LAST thing I want to be is an Israeli. I hate arguing. ""NO YOU DON'T! WHY WOULD YOU SAY THAT?"" Oh my God, GET OUT OF MY HEAD. My support of Israel doesn't make me a toady or a philosemite. I support Saudi Arabia EXACTLY as much as I support Israel. Same with Iraq, and the same with the Iranian and Lebanese people. Nothing is STUPIDER than Jew-hate. It's primitive and bereft. Therefore I ORDER ALL JEW-HATERS to un-follow me. You don't deserve the privilege of reading my tweets..."
" ""Issues separate from the Russia investigation."" ""Agents were acting in part on a referral by Russia special counsel Robert Mueller to federal prosecutors in New York."" So there's your answer: Mueller is allowed to act on issues separate from the Russia investigation. ""If Cohen used his own money and acted without Trump’s knowledge, it could be considered an illegal contribution to Trump’s campaign and put him in legal jeopardy."" Stormy Daniels' semi-literate lawyer made an incoherent statement: ""Mr. Cohen has been placed in the crosshairs by Mr. Trump. He has been set-up to take the fall. An enormous amount of misplaced faith has been placed on his shoulders and I do not believe he has the mettle to withstand it."" ""If I am correct, this could end very, very badly for Mr. Trump and others.” So Cohen was ""set-up' [sic] to take the fall, and Trump has an enormous amount of misplaced faith in him to...what? To be the fall guy? ""I have faith in you to keep your mouth shut as I toss you to the wolves."" Trump isn't an idiot. He doesn't expect ANYONE to be a fall guy. If Cohen paid off Daniels with his own money and didn't tell Trump, it was stupid. Illegal campaign contributions CAN BE criminal offenses, but... AND there's also the possibility that Cohen's offices were raided for an entirely different reason. So no more tweets about how bad this looks. I don't want to hear it. Pour your panic on someone else. I'm not your frigging psychiatrist..."
" My guess is is fake. Let me debunk this tweet. The GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast (MOAB) is for SURFACE TARGETS. We have grand total of 14 MOABs. Initially the plan for dealing with Iran's nuclear sites was the high-velocity penetrating weapon (HVPW), conceived in 2011. AND we had another nightmarish weapon. Kinetic fireballs. Rubber balls filled with rocket fuel. They bounce around inside the underground facility, spraying burning rocket fuel in all directions. SOME from of kinetic weapon was used in Yemen on April 20, 2015. Hitler's birthday. The debris towers rose faster than fireball. That indicates a kinetic strike. Imagine dropping a rock into a bucket of water. The Yemen explosion was either an HVPW or Rods From God. We can REACH Iran's underground facilities, but the nuclear program is scattered all over the country. So the only answer is regime change. We DO NOT HAVE TO destroy the Iranian nuclear facilities. People STILL don't understand what happened here. ""In 2017, Iran moved its nuclear weapons files to a highly secret location in Tehran. This is the Shorabad District in southern Tehran. This is where they kept the atomic archives. Right here. Few Iranians knew where it was, very few, and also a few Israelis."" ""Now, from the outside, this was an innocent looking compound. It looks like a dilapidated warehouse. But from the inside, it contained Iran’s secret atomic archives locked in massive files. Actually, they’re a little bigger than this, okay?"" ""A few weeks ago, in a great intelligence achievement, Israel obtained half a ton of the material inside these vaults. And here’s what we got. Fifty-five thousand pages. Another 55,000 files on 183 CDs."" So in 2017, the Iranians move ALL their files on the nuclear program to one building. The contents of that building were then loaded into trucks, driven out of the country, and delivered to Israel. Don't you know what that means? People at the highest level of the Iranian government are working with the US, the Gulf Cooperation Council, and Israel. Judas goats. First the Judas goats convinced the mullahs to put their most-secret material IN ONE BUILDING, and then that building was cleaned out. The Israelis got PAPER and CDs. Half a ton--1000 pounds--of physical material. NOT data. The ORIGINAL DOCUMENTS. There's no need to bomb anything in Iran. The highest levels of government are already bringing about . So IGNORE those who warn of war and mass death. It WILL NOT happen. The Iranian people are freeing themselves with help. But the PEOPLE must free THEMSELVES. We can't have regime change from the outside. That will fail. The Iranian people are freeing themselves in a VERY smart way. Slowly and non-ideologically. Iran WILL be free without war. I promise..."
" This is a perfect example of the vapor from a fuel-air explosive being shaped. These are Arab commandos fighting in Syria. Jihadists are in a trench center right of the screen. The munition hits. The large fireball is the rupturing of the casing. Above and to the right is the explosive vapor ejected upward and beginning to ignite. The cloud of explosive vapor detonates, and all the blast effect goes DOWN. See the ground? Imagine punching your fist into soft earth. That's what you're seeing. The vapor exploded over the heads of the jihadists and smashed them flat. The spent material of the vapor begins to dissipate, and you see a flat smoke cloud below it. All gone. Say goodnight, jihadists. The flat smoke cloud on the ground tells you that all the force came from above. This is what conventional munitions look like. See how the explosion took place on the ground? And then the smoke cloud. Two totally different kinds of technology. Because of directed blast effect, urban combat is no longer deadly to civilians. The Israelis and Gulf Cooperation Council teamed up to create these weapons..."
" Now it happened to . People are enthusiastic about a new notion, but when they share it, they're mocked. So be warned: People like to mock me. The thing to remember is that these people are OSSIFIED. Nothing new gets in. YOU who are OPEN to new ideas are the people who will save this country. Now, I'm not saying that my ideas are right. BUT. The fact that you're open to ANY new ideas is what's important. You don't immediately say, ""NO!"" That makes you--in my humble opinion--superior to the mockers. You don't need to worry about me. Mockery doesn't bother me in the least. For one thing, I was mocked my entire life, so it's nothing new. But the REAL reason it doesn't bother me is that I know I'm right. I'm not always right about the DETAILS, but I'm right about the big picture. I had to have my head X-rayed recently. Nothing serious. But they told me that I have no cerebral atrophy, despite the fact that I'm 55 years old. The doctors were shocked. Well, use it or lose it. I give myself daily cerebral workouts. All you have to do is become ACTIVE thinkers rather than PASSIVE receptors. So if you are open to new ideas, it means your thinking box won't atrophy. I wasn't going to vote in 2016. I'd given up on politics. When Trump entered the race, I thought it was a publicity stunt. THEN I thought he was trying to SHAPE the other Republicans and would drop out after he'd made his point. Finally I accepted that Trump was sincere, but I thought he had no chance of winning. And then I saw the second GOP debate. Trump blew me out of my socks for one reason: I saw that he'd used the FIRST debate to STUDY all of his opponents. And then he began taking them all down, one by one. So I knew he'd win. I read and watched everything I could about Trump, and I saw that he's a genius. He's among the most gifted intellects of all time. After Trump won, Soros and Michael Moore and Jill Stein and a bunch of Democratic donors had a meeting to determine how to make sure Trump wasn't sworn in. Moore came out and said, ""We've got a plan that won't fail. You just watch. It'll be like nothing you've ever seen."" So when Stein announced that she was filing for recounts, I knew that the plan was to delay the certification of the electoral votes, denying Trump his 270. The election would go to the House, and they'd elect Hillary. But when Stein filed for a recount in Pennsylvania, guess what? She'd missed the deadline by a week. Someone in the meeting gave her bogus information. That means Trump had a mole in the meeting, and the mole sabotaged the recount plan before it even got off the ground. I was stunned, but THEN! After Stein went ahead, it turned out that Michigan had certified and sent in its electoral votes BEFORE the recount could even begin. Pennsylvania was a DECEPTION. While everybody argued over whether or not Stein could legally get a full recount, IT DIDN'T MATTER. Michigan had already put Trump over 270. He would win no matter what. THAT floored me. Trump used a deception WITHIN a deception. The mole gave Soros et al the wrong Pennsylvania deadline, but that was just to distract from Michigan. And so I realized then that Trump would ALWAYS outsmart his opponents. I tried to tell people, but they mocked me. I used to like a pundit named Jim Treacher. He's actually a vicious prick. That's why people do stuff like THIS to him. He's a hapless drunk who glories in his failure. It's actually the ""punk"" ethos. Would you be proud of having the crap kicked out of you by cops for resisting arrest? Punks are all about debasement and destruction. Just yesterday, actually, I stopped reading my last blogger. He was the final one, but he went too far with his shouts of ""TRAITOR!"" so he got the boot. As humans, you have to urge to spread good news. There are a lot of us who are open to new ideas. One follower said, ""I'm just a machinist."" Yeah, but a machinist with a GREAT BRAIN. It's not what you do; it's who you are. Jim Treacher called me a ""cute Trumpkin."" Then he got plastered and put on another fifty pounds. All his writing is negative. He'll miss out on the Trump Era. That's his choice. Since it's a stupid choice, I don't feel bad for him. I believe in giving people what they work so hard to get..."
" Hezbollah is headed for the dumpster of history. That was my third attempt to post that, and it STILL isn't what I wanted. We now know that Twitter assigns millennials to harass users. Great business model. Anyway... ""That will be the problem of Syria, not ours.” ""Hariri further attacked Hezbollah and Iran saying, 'Too much blood has flowed into the area. I fear that Hezbollah’s interference abroad will end up costing Lebanon dearly.'"" ""'I will not accept that a Lebanese political party participates in maneuvers that serve the interests of Iran.'"" ""'I wanted the world to understand that Lebanon can no longer tolerate the interference of a party like Hezbollah in the affairs of the Gulf countries, where 300,000 Lebanese live. We must not pay for the actions of Hezbollah.'"" THIS is the key to everything: ""In a strange statement, Hariri made it clear that he wouldn’t try to disarm Hezbollah in Lebanon, because they aren’t using their weapons on Lebanese soil..."" ""And he views Hezbollah as playing a political role in his country, but he doesn’t want their weapons being used elsewhere."" That's not strange at all. The Saudis have been saying since King Salman ascended to the throne that POLITICS isn't the issue. TERRORISM and WAR are the issues. In Yemen, the goal isn't to DEFEAT the Houthis but to show them that taking up arms won't work. Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir once said, ""The Houthis aren't going anywhere."" The goal is to show Hezbollah that it must disarm. Now, let's not kid ourselves: COMMANDOS will show Hezbollah the wisdom of disarming. But we won't have another giant war. In Iraq, Harakat al-Nubja prides itself on being led, trained, and armed by Iran. They aren't connected in any way to either the Iraqi government or the Popular Mobilization Units (PMU). Well... Can you see what therefore makes them vulnerable? If SOMEONE decides to persuade THEM to disarm, do you think the IRAQIS are going to complain? For years, the Mexican army escorted drug smugglers into the US. The Mexicans always said, ""Those aren't our soldiers! They're cartel members DRESSED as Mexican soldiers!"" Neither George W. Bush nor Barack Obama did anything about it. The rationale was that they didn't want to cause an ""international incident."" Let's put on our thinking caps: If the Mexicans DISAVOW those men, what are you therefore free to do to them? That's right! You can FIRE on them. If Mexico bitches, you say, ""But you told us they were cartel members, not Mexican soldiers. So we took care of the problem. What's the big deal?"" SOMETHING happened. The incursions have stopped, and look at THIS: The cartels are moving SOUTH, into more rugged terrain occupied by VERY hostile Indians. Why are the cartels doing that? For FUN? AND the cartels are getting out of the business of drugs altogether. ""The report estimated that [while] drug trafficking represents between one-third and one-fifth of the revenues earned by international organized crime groups, its relevance is declining."" Are the cartels getting out of the drug trade because they're bored and need new excitement? No! SOMEBODY is persuading them to find a new line of business. It's the same with Iran's slaves in Iraq and Lebanon. It you ANNOUNCE that you have no allegiance to the government, is the government going to protect you? Or will the government stand aside if someone says THIS? ""Look: We'll demolish these guys in secret, and we'll do in such a way that it'll never come to bite you in the WOO-HOO, and you'll get all the credit for the improvement."" The great weakness of terrorists is that they offer only death and misery. If someone offers liberation WITH NO STRINGS ATTACHED, what do you think the country in question will do? All it took to make a new world was 350,000 men and women. Of course, their weapons and training were crucial, but without MEN AND WOMEN, technology is useless. Thank those men and women. Keep them in your prayers..."
" I got tired of the bottomless insanity on Twitter, so I spent the day working on my Russian grenadier of World War I. He's almost finished. I have to do a few more things, but I'm happy with how he turned out. The Grenadier Platoons were imperial Russian assault troops. It was illegal to photograph them. All we have are descriptions. So what I've done is use photos of all the weapons and equipment they had. This is a photomantage. I don't like computer-generated imagery (CGI), and illustrations don't capture the true feel. So I use photos. This photomontage has 14 different pieces. The grenade bags and the steel shield were the hardest parts. They had to be textured. I have very poor eyesight, so my photomontages are gigantic. This one is scaled way down. It's 15 percent the size of the original. Someday I'll publish a series of large-format, soft-covered photo books that will share my collection with the world. My grenadier is the only such photographic image. A German war artist drew two Russian grenadiers. The drawing matches the descriptions I found. I had to machine translate from Russian, a language I don't speak. So that's what I did today. Worked on a grenadier. Very relaxing..."
" I'll tell you a story. I just blocked for being a fake and an asshole. He was unable to answer a single one of my questions, and he had what appeared to be a gamer's knowledge of weapons. Men like that make me sick. They're like dogs that hump you to show their superiority. The whole me-up-you-down male thing is deeply stupid. I study modern Middle Eastern warfare and World War I. That's all I know about, militarily. Hundreds of millions of people know more about things than I do. But it isn't a contest. I don't post to show off. I post because this is an age of miracle and wonder. Belligerent men with penis problems are just about my least-favorite people. You know what they do? They offer to beat you up. Let's examine that. The fake marine said that this is a BGM-71 TOW antitank guided missile. See the sparks coming off? Those are FLARES. The BGM-71 TWO uses beacons. Light bulbs. Not flares. See the pinkish bulb on the butt? I've had male assholes come after me my entire life. Men BELITTLE when they feel insecure. But they get insecure for NO REASON. My goal here is to share information. Why does that make men belligerent? Let's ask a White House reporter. That's pretty how I see big, manly, sweaty, glistening, military dudes. The asshole ones. I lost track. Sorry. It's the PTSD! Isn't that funny? I take NINE medications for PTSD, while the fake marine makes jokes about murder. See, I got my PTSD when I was four years old. The fake marine says he ""shot people in the face."" Bullshit. He wouldn't last three seconds inside my head. But here's the story: I stopped posting on world War I forums because everyone was like the fake marine. It's clique of assholes who masturbate each other. My deal is flamethrowers. None of of these idiots could help me, so I had to find all the information myself. Try reading articles in Russian when don't SPEAK Russian. I used three online translation sites simultaneously. Before I signed off from the World War I forums, I asked about the memorial for the German flamethrower regiment. None of the ""experts"" knew. So, without speaking German, I traced the thing to the Pioneer School in Ingolstadt. They told me it had disappeared in 1982. The commander of the German flamethrower arm was a fire chief named Bernhard Reddemann. THAT photo is important because it shows that commander of the flamethrower regiment chose the skull-and-crossbones himself. The ""experts"" say that the crown prince chose it. They're wrong. I'm right. So I got to know the head of the German Firefighting Museum, a very nice man. I mentioned in passing that I'd traced the regimental memorial to the Pioneer School in Ingolstadt. ""I should go look someday,"" he said. A month later, he sends me an e-mail: ""WE HAVE FOUND IT!"" It was in the attic. Irreplaceable history was recovered. AND. The original copy of the regimental death book was still inside. It lists the names of all the fallen. ""Thank you so much,"" the museum director told me. ""I dreamed all my life of finding this. All German firefighters dreamed of finding it. And thanks to you, we did!"" See, he's a nice man. He's not a competitive, belligerent asshole. Would a REAL marine go after a 55-year-old guy who isn't doing anybody any harm by tweeting? But these guys do it all the time. As a result, I hate their guts. Give me a Saudi commando any day. They're not assholes. We have a LONG way to go as a culture. Our ""men"" need to grow up. Damn. I forgot my point the SECOND time: These big, manly, strong, sweaty, luscious, perky buttocked American soldiers offer to beat me up or kill me. Well, would that change flares into bulbs? No. Guys, as long as you think might makes right, you're turds. You're not fit to lick the boots of an Arab commando..."
" Of course. I don't know or his son , but I can tell you this: There is literally no way on earth that the general committed crimes for money. I've studied the general's career. He speaks out when he sees problems. He made a lot of enemies because he refused to cover up dishonesty and incompetence. I can't remember where I read this: Marine Barracks New River, the site of the later Camp Lejeune. December 7, 1941. There was a gunnery sergeant who legendary for his stories of combat in the Banana Wars and World War I. So the Japanese attacked, and the word went out in the barracks, of course, that soon the marines would be deployed. The gunnery sergeant ran outside in hysterics, fell on the ground, and began screaming and kicking and pounding his fists on the dirt. The young recruits were terrified. So the camp commander came out. The commander grimly marched up to the hysterical gunnery sergeant and kicked him in the head, knocking him out. Then he said this to the shocked recruits: ""This man does not represent the United States Marine Corps. We do not pitch fits when required to do our duty. You will be called to do your duty, and you will answer that call. That is all."" General Flynn did not do the things that he's being accused of doing. He spent 33 years in the army, and there's literally NOTHING in his career to suggest that he would ever break the law or do anything underhanded for money. The accusations do not represent a man who dedicated his adult life to this country. It's as simple as that. There is nothing shady or questionable about the general's career. Literally nothing. That is all. "
" I've always loved Middle Eastern flavored music. This is the best I've ever heard. The music is in 4/4 time. It has four beats per measure. If you tap your finger on the desk, you'll see that the music is divided into groups of four beats. In Middle Eastern music, the THIRD beat is accented. I can't find the name of the piece (a song has words; a piece is an instrumental) or who performed it. Still, this brief piece represents the bright future we--westerners and Middle Easterners--face together. It's all real. Guaranteed. These former allies of Iran kept their promise. The music in THIS video is just as good as the music above. Click ""CC"" for subtitles. The video ends with a Christian hymn. "